Wolfgang Mikael Engleman was not a normal man. To those precious few included in his circle of friends he was known as Mik. For our purposes, he shall be known here as Slick. There is a reason, of course, but that will come in time. We come back to our point that Slick was not a normal man. Of course, he appeared normal to most passerbys. Granted, he sported a roguish mustache and favored a black, flowing cape, but otherwise he seemed quite average. He worked at a low wage job in a large chain bookstore. In his free time he often sat long hours in front of his computer in the basement. When it came to matters of love, he was woefully inept. No man could be more average.

Our story begins in the said bookstore, The Book Shelf. In the beginning, it was a charming little store that catered in only quality literature. The owner's knowledge and service were beyond reproach, and many a bibliophile found themselves settled in the plush, worn leather armchairs surrounded by stacks of books they wished to peruse. It was a comforting and homey place, and each customer was like a child to the aging man and his wife that ran the little shop.

This was quite a number of years ago. As the couple became successful, they opened another store, and then another. Soon, they were a local chain, renowned just as they used to be, even if things began to slip. It was all too much for the old couple, and so they sold to a large corporation that promised to care for and nurture their small family of stores just as the old couple had. That is to say that as soon as the contracts were signed, they stripped the stores of all charm and love. Such things were not profitable, and to their credit the business boomed. Never had the chain sold more books, and more and more Book Shelfs opened around the nation. The old couple might have minded, but seeing as they spent most of their time relaxing on the beaches of Juniper Island these days, it’s safe to say they weren’t terribly troubled by the woes of their former company.

This story is hardly relevant to Slick’s own tale, but we found it amusing. At any rate, Slick now worked for this soulless peddler of mundane literature five days a week. If he were to be honest, it was not a terrible place to work. The mother company had high standards for how their stores were to be run, but the employees were so drained and discouraged by the tedium of their job that Slick could do almost anything he wanted and no one cared. For instance, he now lurked around the store with one arm pulled across his face. His cape flowed dramatically around him as he popped up behind shelves and inquired if a customer required assistance locating anything. He had come to learn that this behavior was seen as odd by polite company. Many wondered why he wore a cape at all. Slick was quite sly, however. While his co-workers thought him an oddball, the customers very seldom took him up on his offer of assistance.

Slick had little concern for what others thought of him anyways. He learned long ago that he was smarter and faster than most people he met, at least intellectually. Physically, he had not always been the equal of his peers. His high school years had been particularly painful. A whole slew of memories crossed his mind as he thought about being run down by the captain of the football team. They did unspeakable things. They shoved him down. There was a wedgie or two. They even called him Wolfbang. He never understood that one, but it still hurt nonetheless. Still, he got his revenge. Often his payback went above the heads of those neanderthals, but that just made it all the sweeter to him. In short, he cared not at all for what anyone thought of him. Well, almost.

Fiona was different, but not like he was different. She was perfection, an angel. All other women withered in the brilliance of her splendor. Fiona was the love of Slick’s life, she just didn’t know it yet. In fact, she seemed not to know he even worked at the same bookstore as her. Even now she stood up at the registers engaged in flippant conversation with her friends. How Slick wished he could catch the eye of such a goddess. He had a plan, as he always did. Soon she would have no choice but to fall for his charms. Slick’s scheme was brilliant, as always, and this one would surely succeed like all of his plots tended to.

That was not this day, however, so when Fiona looked to the back of the store, Slick slunk down behind the shelving to hide from her penetrating gaze. He crouched there behind his cape in the romance section until she left the store for the day. It was not the most dignified way to pass his time, but he couldn’t risk a chance first encounter to go poorly. First impressions were important, after all.

Unfortunately, Slick was scheduled to get off an hour before Fiona, so this enforced delay set back his plans for the evening. As such, he rushed from the store quick as he could, pausing only to clock out before he swept across the darkening parking lot to his green Preus. The small car whizzed and whirred out of the parking lot at unnatural speeds for an electric automobile. Thankfully he made good time, and before long he careened into his driveway and sped towards the front door of his home.

On the stoop was a package from Evulon. Slick didn’t have to read the shipping label to know it was from the online shopping site. The telltale smirk, so like the smile of the more popular site Adulon, was all he needed. He swept up the box and slipped inside.

Slick’s home was well furnished, but in truth he used little of it. He headed straight for the basement, only making a slight detour to the kitchen to pop his prepared meal into the oven. Once that was settled, he bounded down the steps like a giddy schoolgirl and went straight to his workbench, though perhaps that term is misleading. What occupied the majority of Slick’s basement was a command center. Much of the spacious subterranean sanctuary was dedicated to the storage and display of a multitude of gadgets and technological wonders that Slick had invented in his twenty-nine years. A sprawling desktop spanned the longest wall with computers, televisions, tools, and nameless contraptions arrayed across the workbench. Though the arrangement might appear like a science fiction movie set to the casual observer, everything had a purpose and everything was in its place. Disorganized work spaces niggled Slick.

Before he could get to work, however, Slick had to change. One of the few, near intolerable requirements of his job was the dress code. Tan slacks and a blue striped polo shirt were not his style, but it was a small price to pay to accomplish his goals at the Book Shelf.

Slick dumped the package on the tabletop and rushed towards the display case where his uniform hung. In his wake he left his work clothes, but the maid would get those in the morning. Slick relished each second as he pulled the black silk dress shirt from its hanger. Shivers coursed through him as the smooth fabric slid across his skin. He buttoned it with care, pausing to wipe away a few specks of lint that clung to the beautifully dark fabric. The shirt looked stunning once he pulled on the dress pants and slid the suspenders over his shoulders. He didn’t need suspenders, of course, but he felt they added a certain flair to his ensemble. The pants were, as you might guess, black, but they were broken by dark gray stripes. Slick liked to live dangerously. Once the black tie was in its place and the cape pulled over his shoulders, he took a moment examine himself in the display case’s mirror. He cut a dashing figure of a villain. As a final touch, Slick twisted the waxed ends of his mustache and tweaked them up into a classic vision of evil. He took great care to smooth out the pointed soul patch beneath his lower lip to complete the visage of villainy. Only his top hat remained, but as Slick took a moment to examine the fine, old hat, he decided against it. He had no intention of leaving the confines of his basement. Headgear would be unnecessary.

Did we mention that Slick was a villain? Perhaps you recall there was a reason we referred to him as Slick. In fact, after the requirements of his day to day life were met, Wolfgang Mikael Engleman became the supervillain Slick the Sly. The Grandmaster of Larceny and Deceit. The Arbiter of Unholy Retribution, as well as many other things he liked to call himself. No, you wouldn’t of heard of him. The true measure of a villain, in Slick’s eyes, was how effectively he could pull off his capers without drawing a single suspicious gaze. In all modesty, Slick had to admit that he was good at what he did. Besides, his goals were matters of personal interest. The other supervillains of the world concerned themselves with robbing banks, fighting heroes, or seeking world domination. Slick had no such aspirations. Instead, Slick applied his impressive intellect to matters that he felt of great personal interest.

What was so important to him that he devoted all of his time and resources to achieve it? One only had to look at the array of monitors to find out. On each screen were live images of his neighbor’s house. Many were exterior shots, but Slick also had vision on just about every inch of the home. He did not have any cameras in the bathrooms. Even Slick had lines he would not cross. What, you might ask, was so important about this house though? Who could live here, and what could they have done to engender such ire from an otherwise kind enough man such as Slick?

Gregory Ryan Wyatt. He was an impressive man, known for his brilliance in the field of cyber security. Still Slick was able to hack into his systems with relative ease. The irony was not lost on him. He had to admit that Gregory was very good at what he did though. His skills were enough to impress Slick, a near impossible feat. So why was Slick so interested in a cyber security specialist? He wasn’t, or at least not for that reason. Slick’s motivations date back years ago, to those moments in highschool when good ‘ole Greg and his jock-head buddies would persecute a poor, developing Slick. Granted, Greg didn’t take the most active hand in the torment, and in retrospect Slick had gotten off easily, but Greg was the captain of the football team. One would think with a title such as that he could command a bit of discipline from his friends. Not once did Greg step up to defend Slick, and therefore a great deal of resentment had built up over the years.

It appeared, however, that Gregory was out for the night, so Slick decided to spend some time devoted to a few small inventions he had in the works. In truth, he wasn’t in the mood for any thrilling villainy. His near catastrophe with Fiona still hung heavy on his mind. Besides, this would give him some time to catch up on his favorite sitcom. Slick did like a few normal things.

Just as he was settled in he heard the timer ding on his dinner. He dashed off and retrieved the meal. Macaroni and cheese and marmalade was one of his favorite dishes. Slick then settled himself in for a night of laughter and productive work on his newest gadget, a clicky pen that is four hundred percent more satisfying to click. For the heck of it, Slick also introduced a no-bleed ink guaranteed to keep the ink where it belongs; on the paper. Though it started as a side project brought on by boredom, Slick thought it would sell well on Adulon, so he added it to his store page and went to bed.