Morning came as it usually does, and Slick rose with a certain amount of glee in his heart. Today, this very morning, his greatest plan to win the love of fair Fiona would be set into motion. The last piece arrived on his stoop the previous evening. A smile crept onto his face as he contemplated the unassuming box still unopened on his desktop in the basement. With great relish he had ordered it. With great anticipation he had tracked its progress through means less than legal. With great aggravation he watched as it got held up on a truck outside of Twin City. A bunch of sheep flocked the roads. Slick had to dispatch his anti-sheep drone to set the poor buggers aflame until they dispersed enough to allow the delivery van passage. This was a more prevalent problem than one might assume.

At last though it arrived. What it is will have to remain a mystery, because Slick chose this moment to examine his appearance. While he was not near as dashing without his villainous outfit, he liked what he saw well enough. Muddy brown hair swept across his forehead and settled just above his right eye. The locks were not too long, nor too short. His nose not too large, yet not too small. Boring brown eyes shielded his vast intellect. His features came together in a display of mediocrity that was not altogether unappealing. The only notable aspect of his appearance was his facial hair, even if his mustache was not how he would prefer it. In his mind he imagined a long, waxed whisker that twirled in evil splendor much as the villains in old time cinema. Instead he had a normal, drab thing with corners that twirled upwards just a smidge thanks to a generous helping of some homemade wax. Still, not even he could be perfect. There was always room for improvement. He was happy with his facial features, however.

His attitude towards the rest of his body was much the same. In his pajamas he appeared to be lanky and a bit of a dork, but that was all part of the plan. Slick had grown smarter since high school. He’d learned that a villain must be prepared to face his rival in combat both martial and intellectual. Each morning he trained, until his body was as well honed a machine as the gadgets he designed. In fact, he was almost nearly a rainbow belt at Burt’s Kickin’ Online Dojo, though he had little idea what that even meant. The belt was more of an indulgence than anything. Slick disregarded much of what Burt said. He was a bozo, though admittedly an amusing one.

Now that Slick was awake, it was time for the aforementioned workout session. With such a large house, Slick at first found it difficult to fill all the rooms. Beyond the secret door to his basement lair, he had to appear the average book store clerk in his multi million dollar home. Therefore, there was no room for his various trophies and evil innovations within the more public halls of his home. He never had visitors, but he had to be safe just in case. So, in one room he installed a state of the art gym, complete with subtle modifications from you know who. Slick didn’t even know what most of the equipment did when he bought it, but now he was quite adept at finding his way around the various machines.

His routine was basic most days. He ran a little, did pull ups, push ups, went to the basement to battle death robots; just the average workout. After he finished his training regiment, it was time for some breakfast and a shower. Little of note happened, so we won’t spend much time on that. He did slip once, which is not relevant to the story but was quite amusing to watch.

At any rate, Slick pulled himself together and prepared to depart for his day job. He was dressed in his best work-appropriate attire, a black polo, khaki slacks, and his black dress shoes shined brighter than a mirror in the desert, strange as that comparison may be. Slick came up with it.

He donned his cape and sped down the the basement where he opened the box from Evulon and stashed the small item in the folds of his cape. Prepared at last for this momentous day, Slick swept from the basement and skittered towards the front door, where he almost tripped on a turtle.

“Reginald!” Slick hollered as he stumbled to a stop to keep from squashing the shelled reptile. “Where have you been?” Now that his balance was recovered, Slick placed his hands at his hips as he looked reproachfully at the smallish tortoise. Reginald looked up at Slick and blinked.

“Don’t take that tone with me. I didn’t see you all night. Come now, off to your bed.” Slick pointed towards the living room as Reginald turned and meandered off towards his room. Slick had put in a nice little habitat where most people would put a sunroom. Though he sounded agitated, Slick couldn’t stay mad at the little guy. Reginald was his best friend and a trustworthy companion in Slick’s evil-doings.

Now that Reginald was taken care of, Slick left his home and locked the door behind him with a click of his keychain fob. It was a beautifully overcast day in the early autumn, and Slick had a good feeling about what was to come. With one brave, bold step he left the porch and strolled to his car.

“Morning neighbor!” The cry caught Slick off guard, and he froze mid step to glance over the elaborate shrubbery at his neighbor, Greg. Slick’s nemesis seemed perfectly at peace with addressing Slick in such an inappropriately casual manner. What nerve could this jock-turned-computer-guru have to address Slick such? Still, he had to play the part of an average joe. If Greg chose to hide his end of the feud that raged between them, so would Slick.

“Ah, yes,” Slick took great care to push his airborne leg to the ground, “of course. Good morning, neighbor.” Though he started off short of confidence, Slick was able to produce a passably casual tone by the time the sentence was done.

“Heading off to work?” Greg asked as he snipped at the shrubs with his garden shears. Slick sensed the malice from the man. Oh, he might pretend to be all nonchalant with those giant scissors, but Slick knew better. That man had intentions as evil as his own.

“Oh, yes,” Slick muttered, “I suppose I am.” Awkward silence prevailed as Slick considered his next course of action. At last, he decided to say, “and you?” It was a masterstroke of casual conversation. Greg could not begin to suspect Slick’s true motives now. The comment portrayed both amiable intentions and friendly interest.

“Oh, I’m telecommuting today. The shrubs were getting a bit out of hand, and there are a few other things to get done around the house.” Slick wondered what those things could be. He had cameras everywhere, and the place was immaculate.

Slick eyed his rival carefully. Greg was a pleasant looking man. He’d always been attractive, and the women swooned at the very sight of him. In all honesty, Slick wondered how he was still single. Even with that dorky ponytail Greg was more a greek god than a man. He didn’t suppose that mattered. What was up with that ponytail though? For starters, Greg didn’t have long enough hair to rock a ponytail. To make it worse, the short tail of a hairstyle was pulled back to form an almost bun. Slick cocked his head as he examined the raven black hair of his neighbor. The entire thing was pulled together by a green band with white writing that said something like, “Be the cha,” though Slick couldn’t make out more than that.

After a period of inappropriately awkward silence, Greg spoke up. “Everything alright?”

“What?” Slick asked. “Huh?” he continued. “Oh,” he recovered, “yes, fine. Nothing wrong. Just off to work. Have a nice day and all that.”

Slick was about to turn and trot towards his car when Greg spoke. “See you around.”

“Not if I see you first,” Slick taunted before he let out an involuntary, evil chuckle. He dashed to his car, his cape aswirl in the breeze as Greg looked on in idle bafflement. With a shrug the man went back to his pruning as Slick started the Preus’ electric engine and put it in reverse.

Most people looked down upon the Preus as a silly child’s car. There was a time when the line of automobiles were hybrids, running both on batteries and normal gasoline. Those days were past, and now the cars were only electric. Many mocked their inability to accelerate or do anything else remotely fun and automobile related. Granted, the car would get where you wanted it to go, but very slowly. Slick would have to agree with the popular assessment of the vehicle.

So why did he drive a Preus? The real question is this; with all the modifications Slick had made to this particular car, could it even be called a Preus still? Normally the Preus accelerated from zero to sixty in some span of time between a while and the end of the world. After Slick got his hands on this baby, he outpaced muscle and sports cars alike. He so enjoyed the looks on those gear-headed dolts when that happened. Preus’ also notoriously required a charging port between uses to keep their batteries full. Slick had integrated an advanced solar harvesting system into the car that kept its batteries maxed. The panels were hidden, of course. Part of his purposes for buying a Preus were to maintain his anonymity. Giant solar panels strapped to his vehicle would draw many a curious gaze. It had proved a struggle until he realized he could use the paint to conduct the solar rays towards the charging apparatus. In all honesty, it makes little sense to me, but Slick is a great deal more intelligent than I.

As Slick sped out of his driveway he couldn’t help but look around the neighborhood. He was glad he’d decided to buy here. This was a land of tech tycoons and celebrities. The houses were humongous and elaborate beyond any practical necessity. The lawns were trimmed to perfection, the trees pruned to look like all sorts of strange things. Many resembled their owners. Slick never understood why someone would want their face immortalized in a tree.

Many had theorized how Slick, a simple clerk at a chain bookstore, could afford a residence such as his. I got nothing. If I find out though, I’ll be sure to tell you. At any rate, Slick turned the corner and left his house behind him. He weaved in and out of traffic as he made the twenty mile trip to the Book Shelf. His car contained a host of other useful gadgets, but for the safety of the city it was a good thing he didn’t have to use any of them.

Slick loved Main City, his hometown as long as he could remember. His father had told him that he was born somewhere else, but this was the only home Slick had ever known. Once, it had been known as Maintabba City, a native word that meant something like, “land of thousand rivers.” Slick wasn’t sure where these rivers were supposed to be, given that only two passed through the city, but he hadn’t been around to talk sense into those natives. It continued on as Maintabba for some time, but eventually Twin City sprung up on the other side of the Hopitawa River. While never as grand and splendid as Maintabba, Twin City nevertheless grew into an impressive place all its own. Before long the residents of both cities began to refer to Maintabba simply as Main City. Not only was it less of a mouthful, but to be honest people weren’t even sure they were saying Maintabba right anymore. Even the news outlets referred to Maintabba as Main City. A couple of generations ago, the mayor put the name to a vote. She asked the citizens if they should not just rename the city to Main City and be done with it. If Slick remembered right, it was the only unanimous political outcome the world had ever seen.

And so Main City stood in glory above its younger sister, Twin City. Outsiders commonly mistook the other city as a district of its larger sibling, but they were wrong. Twin City had its own mayor, its own culture, and even its own superheroes and villains. While understandably the two cities intermingled a great deal, each tried its hardest to maintain its individual identity.

When shopping for his home, Slick had looked at Twin City. It was nice, but everything was new and shiny. Main City was far older, and it showed its growth if one would look close enough. The weathered buildings had seen fires, riots, war, and famine. Civil unrest stormed the streets. Justice was won, and justice was served. Superheroes blasted holes through walls. Supervillains stole the tops of towers. Main City possessed an antique charm that can’t be built, or planned. Main City had a soul and a personality all its own, and that is what drew Slick to his current home. Well, for the most part.

At last the forty-seven minute drive was over, and Slick swerved into his usual parking space. He took great care to affix and adjust the required “Mik” name tag before he exited the car. It appeared Fiona was not here yet, which made things perfect for our protagonist. This way, he could ensure the individual parts of his plan were in place, and what a simple yet beautiful plan it was.

Slick stopped at the front doors and rang the bell for admittance. It took a few minutes, since the managers were often a worthless lot, but Slick didn’t mind. His excitement bubbled over as he bounced in brisk Autumn morning. At last Chuck came to the door and let Slick in. Chuck. Bile rose in Slick’s throat at the thought of the name. If he hated one person as much as Greg, it was Chuck, the assistant manager that Slick seemed to have to deal with each and every day. Not only was the man a neanderthal, but he also sought to “get in Fiona’s pant.” His words, not Slick’s. Chuck would often stand around in idle conversation with his fellow adolescent-minded men and brag about how he’d do it. Slick did not approve. In fact, he had the beginnings of a plan to deal with Chuck. First, he had to see today’s caper through. With that in mind, he pushed his hatred aside and gave a quick smile before he dipped around a corner and snuck off down a side aisle.

The first step required a trip to the coffee shop in the front corner of the store. Rusty Muggs was not an ideal name for a beverage distribution department in Slick’s opinion, but they seemed popular enough. Slick had to admit he was a fan of their double triple chocolate fizzy cocoa. Granted, he was pretty sure most of the name was buzzwords, but it was still a darn fine cup of hot chocolate.

Regardless of its questionability, Rusty Muggs had a solid core of regulars who came in like clockwork. This fact was the key to Slick’s plan. One in particular, Mrs. Jordanna Johannson, required a gooey mocha whizbang each morning, but she was quite particular about most aspects of her drink. Her primary concern was the milk’s temperature. She liked it a full thirty degrees below the standard, and when it was wrong she had a tendency to be quite vocal about it.

You might recall that Slick had made a purchase from Evulon, and the said product lie tucked away in his cape at that very moment. As Slick crawled behind the Rusty Muggs counter he pulled forth the tiny contraption. In short order he had the front panel of the espresso machine open and the item in place. The device, called a Whittaker Measurement Disruption Mechanism, served one simple purpose. While it normally was employed in more nefarious scenarios, the WMDM would trick the thermometer into thinking the milk was actually thirty degrees cooler than it actually was. It was a cool gadget with a fair bit of customization options. Slick could have built one, he supposed, but some things are best left to outside contractors.

He did, however, create the second bit of tech going into this espresso machine. It occurred to him that the baristas might suspect something is off if they see such a low temperature on the milk. With this device, the steam would come out much hotter than it was meant to, and the milk would heat too quick to notice. It was ingenious, really, but he had to rush to get his work done when he saw the barista shamble out of her car and shuffle towards the store. By the time she settled in behind the Rusty Muggs counter, the espresso machine appeared normal and Slick slid behind the aisle of cookbooks and off towards the customer service desk in the middle of the store.

Now that he saw to that detail, he had to prepare for phase three. Once at the service desk, he slid beneath the counter and attached a small device to the power supply of each computer. Though innocuous, these little buggers would deactivate the computers once Slick pressed a button on his watch. That might not sound terribly useful now, but it was all part of the plan. Next she shifted to the back of the store and rigged some light bulbs to explode on command. Nothing dangerous, mind. There would be no flames, just shattered glass and a sudden loss of light. The loud pops and bangs would be fulfilling though. Finally, Slick sprayed a special solution on the floor in front of the computer against the back wall of the store.

Now he was ready. Slick watched his co workers arrive from his perch in the self-help section. His heart fluttered in his chest as Fiona strode through the front door with her best friend Gwyneth. She was so beautiful. Fiona, not Gwyneth. Slick thought Gwyneth was fine and all, of course, but nothing compared to the classic beauty that Fiona possessed. Her long, auburn locks glowed with the sheen of angels. She had slim facial features with green eyes that pierced his very soul. Her full lips gave her a sultry elegance that complimented her full frame, and the way she prepared her meals at night when she thought no one was watching…

Slick admitted he had crossed a line. For the record, he wasn’t quite so creepy a stalker. It had only been the one time, and he’d felt really weird about it afterwards. Suffice it to say he thought she was the bee's knees, or whatever it was kids were saying these days.

With more and more people in the store, Slick had to change vantage points. He popped to the back and grabbed a cart of books. It happened to be full of young adult fiction novels, but no one seemed to notice that he camped out in the bible section instead. Fiona was in her place at the customer service desk. As Slick had suspected, Chuck leaned across the counter and flirted his little tush off with the darling Fiona. Mik had to control himself. It’d be so easy to take care of this problem here and now, but he’d learned long ago that most people disapproved of open acts of revenge. Chuck was not worth the low opinion of Fiona. Besides, even though Chuck had that jock-like charm, his mustache was weak. He had nothing on Slick. What was that thing anyways? It looked like a caterpillar crawled onto the man’s face and was engaged in death throws to the music of Johnson Wisconsin, a particularly tragic pop idol.

Somehow Slick waited patiently for fifteen more minutes. Any second now, Mrs Johannson would come through the door and get her scalding hot coffee. She’d raise such a fuss, that Chuck would have to leave Fiona alone to go and investigate. Slick had already ensured that Chuck would be the only manager present today. Three days ago he’d installed a device to kill the started on the store manager’s car. Once Fiona was alone, things would move quickly. Slick had arranged for a customer to approach and ask for a book to be ordered. Fiona would, of course, log on to the computer, but Slick would cut the power. This would upset her, yes, but it’d be worth it. She’d have to go to the back computer, where Slick would blow the lights just as she stepped onto the Super Slippery Solvent Solution, patent pending, he’d sprayed on the floor. At that moment, Slick would swoop in and catch her. They’d share one beautiful, romantic moment as they gazed deep into each other’s eyes. Slick would say something charming and winning, then it’s goodbye Chuck, hello love.

Slick sighed. It would be a marvelous moment, and it was so close now he could feel it in his bones. Now he just had to wait for Mrs. Johannson. He strained his ears to hear the expected screech for a manager. Instead he heard, “What the,” um, “goodness!” break across the silence of the store. In its wake tore the single word, “Fire!” as well as incoherent and high pitched screams. Slick furrowed his eyes in confusion as he dashed along the side wall to peer around the cookbooks at the Rusty Muggs counter.

Sure enough the espresso machine was in flames. Mrs. Johannson was there, it’s true, but her screams were lost amongst everyone else’s. Where had it gone wrong? Chuck ran up just as Slick planned, but Fiona came with him. This was all going so wrong! What was he going to do? What to do? Slick hunkered down behind the cookbooks and thought. He had lost his chance to impress Fiona, but maybe he could salvage the situation. Yes, he himself could extinguish the fire! It was a brilliant alternative to his original plan.

A loud, concussive noise broke across the screams and shouts, but Slick didn’t hear it. He dashed for the fire extinguisher and rushed to the rescue. There were many excited shouts. Slick assumed they were cheering him on, but he was too focused on the flames that had now moved on to engulf the syrup rack beside the espresso machine. With valiant abandon he leapt upon the counter and blasted the flames with the fire extinguisher. He felt quite good about his act of heroism, and he felt every confidence that things would work out.

What he failed to realize was that no one watched his deed. They had rushed to the windows and gazed in awe as Champion, the resident superhero of Main City, battled the nefarious Nevermoore in the streets right outside the store. The two danced around the crater left in the street when Champion threw Nevermoore from a rooftop just a moment ago. It was a titanic battle. No one knew where Champion’s powers originated. Some theorized he was an alien. Others said he must have been in an experiment gone bad. Though he was a public hero, Champion was a touch tight lipped when it came to his origin story. While that was perfectly understandable, it frustrated his multitudes of fans in Main City. Still, his good heart and awe inspiring powers were enough to keep them happy.

Nevermoore was a different story, and his story was well known. Jacob Moore used to be a tech tycoon who owned a genetic engineering firm. Once upon a time he was a beacon of bright hope for the city, but somewhere along the line he’d gone a bit bonkers. While the exact details are a tad sketchy, Jacob fused himself with the DNA of a common raven. Now, he was a mighty half-beast. Nevermoore retained his humanoid shape, of course, but now sported black feathers, a raven’s head, and an impressive set of wings. The villain was inhumanly strong, and could dish out a beating as good as the rest. With a single punch he sent Champion through a bus and into the wall of a nearby building. Most men would have been killed instantly, but Champion had the fortitude to withstand such punishment.

The hero stepped from the ruins of the building and brushed dust off his shoulder. It was rare that Champion lost his cool, but now he’d had enough. With exceptionally quick speed Champion dashed forward and slammed his fist into Nevermoore’s gut, and the villain careened through the air until he collided with a passing dumptruck. Champion struck a pose as heroes do. He didn’t wear a cape, but if he did it would have billowed in the breeze in heroic perfection. So would his jet black hair, but that was pulled up in a ponytail.

Now, think hard and remember. Do you recall that we spent an odd amount of time earlier this chapter on Greg’s ponytail? Did that seem a strange move on our part? Can you guess what Champion’s ponytail looked like? You got it. His hair was not nearly long enough for a proper ponytail, perhaps shoulder length at best. Instead, he gathered it back into a short ponytail with a green band that read, “Be the Cha.” The tail of it all was tucked back into the band, and it formed a bit of a bun. That’s right. If Slick would just turn and look out the window, he would realize what we’re sure you all now know. His intellect was such that he would have no choice but to realize the truth. Greg was Champion. The story would never be the same. What would Slick do? Would he escalate his capers, which you’ve yet to see mind, in light of the knowledge of Greg’s true identity? Would he lose that sparkle in his eyes, that brightness in his soul that he tried to convince himself wasn’t there?

Why are we talking about this? None of that matters, because Slick didn’t look up. Champion, that is Greg, kept on fighting with Nevermoore while Slick did his own battle with the flames on the Rusty Muggs counter. By now he’d successfully halted its expansion past the syrup rack and had even gotten most of those flames down. The register on the other side, however, was now aflame. Slick jumped from the counter and shifted his attentions to the machine itself. The extinguisher gushed forth its flurry of white powder as Slick swept the hose across the flames. The syrup rack was now a sticky, charred goo while the espresso machine became a gutted, scorched testament to safe operational practices. Last Slick finished off the flames as they attempted to consume the cash register. He was too late to save it, but the fire ceased to spread.

Meanwhile the battle outside still raged. Nevermoore bashed Champion in the face with one broad wing as the villain turned to flee. Slick spouted out one last gush of powder and he was done. He slayed the fire! Champion tackled Nevermoore as the supervillain lifted off the ground. Slick tossed the extinguisher to the side in a rather dramatic fashion. Nevermoore kicked Champion off and tore into the air with three massive swoops of his wings. Slick straightened his cape, his back still to the window. While Champion’s power set was broad, it did not include the gift of flight. Still, the hero could bound like none other. With one mighty leap he cleared the street and landed on a balcony four stories up. In this manner he pursued the winged Nevermoore and the pair disappeared from sight. Slick turned to accept the gratitude of all assembled, but mostly the good graces of his beloved Fiona.

It was about this point that he realized not a single person stood in the coffee shop. He of course saw them assembled at the windows, so he went to investigate. Everyone engaged in excited chatter as Slick slid between them and looked out at the empty street. It looked like there had been an accident, but Slick had no idea what could have caused it. Baffled, he turned to the others. If nothing else he could point to the Rusty Muggs, where the layer of fine white powder attested to his heroic deed. To his horror, the crowd had already dispersed.

“Oh, the fire!” Fiona exclaimed. “I wonder who put it out. Did anyone see?” The crowd shared her bafflement as Slick’s shoulders sank. As they established that everyone was clueless, most people shrugged it off as one mystery they’d never get an answer to. Fiona turned to Gwyneth and said, “I wish I knew. Bet you he was brave.”

“Oh, would you give him a kiss?” Gwyneth mocked as she made a smoochie face at Fiona.

“You know what, yeah I would!” Fiona exclaimed as the two laughed and strolled back to the customer service desk.

Defeated, Slick turned his attention to the Rusty Muggs employees as they began to clean up the counter.

“I have no idea. The steam wand just started spewing fire, ya’ know? Scared me to death.” Slick didn’t have to hear more. Somehow, in his rush to finish his preparations, he’d installed the heating mechanism incorrectly. He had no idea how it would cause fire to gush out, but there it was. Another wonderful victory for Slick. There was one rule he had. Never be a hero, and he broke it for Fiona while no one was there to see it. It figured. Slick slunk off sullenly. Pardon the illiteration. Alliteration? Olitteration? No, that one is just ridiculous. At any rate, Slick dragged himself to the back of the store where he planned to mope in the stockroom for a while. As he passed into the hallway that would take him to his destination, he paused to blow the lights. The pops, and whizzes, and pows accompanied a brilliant display of sparks and flames. As the scene settled, Slick smiled. That did make him feel better.