The rest of his work day passed with little excitement. Nothing could compete with that morning, after all. Slick didn’t see anyone else the rest of his shift, and at the end of the day he dragged himself out of the store without even looking up from his gorgeously polished shoes. He spent a good long while in his car before he pulled out of the parking lot. Thoughts of the evening’s activities cheered him though. He just needed to make a quick stop by the hardware store and he could get to work.

His Preus made good time and he skidded into a parking space near the doors of Larry’s Home Improvement. Slick had to contain his giddiness as he ran over the plan in his mind. He relished each moment as he wandered the store. When it came time to check out, he had assembled pvc pipe, electrical cables of varying types, three pairs of gloves, four ceiling fans, a vast assortment of other electrical tidbits that I can’t even begin to describe, and a top of the line riding lawnmower. Slick paid and loaded up his car. We’re not sure how he got it all home, but he did. Thankfully no one noticed as he unloaded his spoils into the garage and then down to the basement where he began to work.

Slick whistled happily as he put his plan in motion. Greg got home, and spent some time in his yard, but that didn’t worry Slick. While Greg’s presence would ruin Slick’s plans, the villain knew that Mr. Wyatt had a date with a very fetching model that evening according to Greg’s online calendar. Slick only had to ensure that he was ready by then.

In light of that, Slick worked all the faster. He combined much of his recent purchases with other parts and gadgets he had lying around. The work went smooth, since Slick had laid the plan out in an impressive amount of detail. All he now had to do was put the pieces together. When at last he had finished, he stood before a large machine that was difficult to describe. He had rigged the ceiling fans to the top of a metal crate, upside down. Affixed to the fans were a baffling collection of electronics and mechanical parts and tubing. The crate was open at both ends, though the missing sides were affixed to hydraulic arms that implied they could be closed if desired. Inside the crate, an assortment of mechanical devices and gadgets made it look to be a torture chamber of some kind. The lawnmower motors and blades were mounted to the top in an odd fashion. To any but Slick, it would be impossible to guess at the intended function of such a machine with any degree of accuracy.

Now, he only required one item, and that he could not buy at a store. Well, he could, but what would he do with all the rest in the pack? No, this one he must retrieve from Greg’s house. Thankfully, he had a very good method to accomplish such a task. Not once had Slick ever set foot in Greg’s house. He had a fleet of drones and robots, however, that had.

Slick settled himself in front of the monitors and pulled up the drone controls. He spent a few minutes testing that everything was in its proper working order. The camera feed came in crystal clear, and the machine seemed to respond correctly to his commands. Content that he was ready, Slick drove the drone out of the basement and through the trapdoor he’d installed in his backyard. By now the sun had begun to set, and the twilight hid the small machine as it whizzed over the fence and careened towards the house next door.

Some caution would be called for though. Greg was getting ready for his date, and he seemed to be incapable of staying in one room. Slick maneuvered the drone along the side of the house with the greatest of care. He inched it towards the attic, where he had long ago installed a doggy door for his many creations. Before long the drone flitted into the house and worked its way to the stairs to the second floor. Greg’s attic was a finished study, which made it easier for Slick to get in and out when needed. Only one door was required. It was even better that Greg rarely came up here. Tonight was no exception.

The next stage would be easy. Slick had eyes on Greg in his bedroom on the first floor, down the hall from the kitchen, so he flew the drone out of the attic and over the railing on the second floor. The tiny machine plummeted towards the fine stone of the first floor entryway, but Slick was a deft drone pilot. Though he was a master of many type of technology, drones were his favorite. He stopped just before he hit the ground and lifted off towards the kitchen, where he met his first real obstacle.

Grover, Greg’s golden retriever, sat in the middle of the kitchen, his eyes focused intently on the drone as it hovered towards the top of the archway. The drone’s microphone picked up the subtle growl that came from the pooch. This wouldn’t be the first time this darn dog got in Slick’s way. While there was precious little it could do to intercept the drone, Slick knew it was only a matter of time until the furball began to bark. He had to be quick.

With a flick of the joystick Slick sent the drone in a mad dash for the kitchen counter where his prize lay. Grover pursued and barked like mad. The drone was still too high for concern, but time was not limited. Slick hovered over the sealed container that contained his prize when Grover, still spewing irritating barks and growls, leaped onto the counter and nipped at the drone. He’d never done that before, and Slick only just dodged out of the way of the beast’s teeth.

“Grover!” Greg shouted from down the hall, but the creature ignored his master's call. Slick juked the drone until it hovered over the island, but Grover followed. A bowl of salad as well as various cooking implements scattered across the smooth marble and tumbled to the floor. In his excitement, Grover knocked a frying pan from its place on the rack above the island. Slick didn’t know how he’d get his prize now. Time slipped away as the villain ducked the drone back to its original perch above the first counter.

“Grover!” Greg hollered again. Slick glanced to the monitor with Greg’s bedroom on it. He stormed from his room. HIs shirt was unbuttoned, and his pants began to slide down his legs. It bought Slick another second.

“Grover!” The dog jumped back to the original counter and knocked the jar to the floor. Glass shattered across the smooth tile and the contents scattered everywhere. Sweet Victory! Slick dove for the floor. A small arm extended out from the bottom of the drone and grabbed a single dog treat. Elated at his triumph, Slick flew the drone up as quick as he could and hovered just over the archway just in time for Greg to round the corner.

The golden retriever looked over the archway and continued to bark from his place on the counter. “Grover!” Greg screamed. The dog stopped its barking abruptly, and looked in panic at his master. “What in the,” Greg began as he took in the state of the kitchen. “Grover, what are you barking at?” The dog still glanced at the archway, and Greg turned to look just after Slick ducked into the hall and up towards the attic.

With nothing evidently wrong, Greg turned back to Grover. “Dog, I swear,” he broke off as Greg controlled his temper. “Get down,” he commanded. Grover, defeated, obey. “Come here.” Greg grabbed the dog’s collar and dragged him into the back yard before he went and cleaned up the mess in the kitchen. Slick’s drone sped back to the basement and deposited the treat on his desk. With an evil laugh, Slick installed the bone shaped delicacy into its slot on the machine. Now he had but to wait.

It wasn’t long before Greg was ready and his date arrived. Slick thought it lacked a great deal of class to have his date meet at his house, but he didn’t suppose it mattered. Good ole’ Greg would get the girl anyways. Truth be told, Slick was glad she did come there first. Yes, his heart was one hundred percent devoted to the darling Fiona, but rawr was Greg’s date a looker. She wore this stunning, low cut dress that plunged all the way in the back until he could just see--

Ehem. I don’t suppose that much matters. Greg escorted the lovely young lady from his home, into his fancy sports car, and off to whatever grand adventure awaited the pair. Now, it was time for Slick to take action. No sooner had the taillights disappeared around the corner than Slick wheeled the machine to the end of the launch tunnel.

Once that was in place, he dashed back to his console. He had, of course, changed when he got home, but now he took the time to swing by the display case and don his top hat and costume glasses. The glasses weren’t needed, of course, but he felt they made him look smart, and superior. A villain must always be mindful of his appearance. The top hat, of course, was worn because this was a formal, villainous occasion, and the full uniform is a must. That would be rule one in the handbook of villainy if there were one. Slick made a mental note to write the Handbook of Villainy.

At last ready, Slick settled in for the thrill that was to come. His finger pressed the button to open the trapdoor into his back yard. Next, he hovered over the button to start his machine’s engines. Though he could have pressed it without delay, he felt a pause was needed to build the dramatic tension of the moment. It’s the small details that make a villain. That too would make it in the handbook. Finally he pressed the button, and he heard the satisfying roar of an internal combustion engine as it sprang to life. When he adjusted the lever next to the joystick, he heard the engine kick into high gear. Slick got goosebumps. Everything was moving along swimmingly.

Now was the time. With another lever he heard the whooshing of the ceiling fans kick into life. Granted, the motors and blades were highly modified, so perhaps they weren’t ceiling fans anymore. At any rate, Slick watched on the mounted camera as the machine lifted slowly from the hole in the basement. It moved far slower than he was used to from his drones, but that’s to be expected with all the extra baggage this one had to carry. The blades carried the cumbersome machine up away from the yard, and once it had reached an appropriate height to clear the fence, Slick angled the controls and the machine drifted towards Greg’s yard.

Of course Grover began to bark again. Darn mutt. Oh well, soon that would not be a problem. Slick laughed as he contemplated what was to come. Soon enough the machine was in place, and Slick leveled it out to prepare to descend. Grover stood beneath it, intent on alerting the entire world that Slick was up to no good again. Let him. Soon he’d know the price of contending with Slick the Sly.

With great care Slick throttled down on the engines. Ever so slowly the machine sunk into Greg’s yard. By now, Grover’s curiosity gave way to his fear and the dog retreated to the far end of the yard. There he cowered until the machine thumped to the ground and Slick cut all power to the engines. Eerie silence settled over the night. Grover became braver by the second, and soon he sniffed at the machine that had invaded his domain.

At that moment, Slick pressed the button to inject the dog treat with the tranquilizing agent he had prepared just for this occasion. Another button press and the treat dropped down attached to a small rope. Grover sniffed at the air and rushed in to claim his prize. With a triumphant laugh of evil eloquence Slick flipped the toggle to close the crate. Grover now was trapped.

The dog was upset for a moment, of course, but soon the drugs kicked in and the golden retriever slumbered peacefully on the cold metal of the crate. Slick could not contain his quiet yet manly giggles as he proceeded with the next phase. Four cameras came to life inside the machine. He would have to be very careful, or else this would turn very messy. Two joysticks popped out of the console, one for each of his hands. Slick took a moment to flex his fingers and crack his knuckles before he grasped them and got to work.

Arms extended out from the sides of the crate. They grasped and lifted the dog gently as could be expected. Slick fiddled with the controls until he felt confident in his ability to control the arms down to the finest details. His was a finesse job, and it was better to practice now than mess it all up later.

Comfortable for the moment, slick flicked the toggle that engaged the Sly-Tech Air Cannons. He tried the fancy names, but he wasn’t quite sure he liked them. Essential, it was just some leaf blowers, after all. Air was cycled in from the bottom of the crate and blown out past the lawnmower blades at the top. The dog stayed still in the grasp of the mechanical hands, but Grover’s fur flowed up towards the opening.

Slick flipped another switch to engage the fine tuned sensors in the crate. Those would tell him if his job was done properly or not. Such a minute detail was difficult to eyeball, after all, especially via camera. Content that his monitors worked properly, he slid the control to engage the lawnmower blades. It must be loud in that box. Served the dog right for waking him all those nights.

The next part was both terrifying and glorious for Slick. With ever so much care he inched the dog closer to the blades. He’d sharpened them far beyond the requirements of their normal duties. They should perform their next task to perfection. Grover was now so close that his fur was just a breath away from the blades. Another minute adjustment and the blades cut bits of fur from the dog. Slick’s sensors bleeped, and he adjusted the dog again. He continued like this for some time as he turned the dog to and fro. At last he set Grover down and powered off all the equipment. With one button press he opened the cage and ejected the poor, mangy canine onto the lawn.

His task now complete, Slick fired up the engines and lifted off of the lawn and drifted back towards the access tunnel. He did not even breath until the machine was landed safely, powered down, and the lawn closed back up to hide the entrance to Slick’s lair. At last elation coursed through him. At last his deed was done.

“Yes!” he hollered as he jumped from his chair, fists extended towards the sky in a bold display of victory.

Reginald looked over at Slick and blinked. “I’ve done it, Regi! I’ve done it!” The turtle seemed about as impressed as turtles ever do, which is to say not much. “Another successful caper! Oh, if I can only see his face. I shall have to meet him when he comes home. He won’t even know what evil I have wrought.” Reginald looked as confused as usual, which is hardly surprising since he was a turtle. “Do I have to spell it out for you, dear friend?” Slick scoop Reginald into his hands and twirled around with the turtle held high in the air. “I’ve done it Reg! I shaved that nasty mutts fur exactly one sixteenth of an inch! Ha!”

Reginald blinked in admiration. Perhaps Regi just blinked. Slick could hardly contain himself until Greg got home. He couldn’t even turn on the tv, or eat his dinner. At last he saw the sporty headlights turn the corner. Slick rushed out of the house and down to his mailbox. He’d already gotten the mail, of course, which is why he brought it with him. With great ceremony he placed then extracted the envelopes from the box. Greg and his date pulled up then stepped out of the car as Slick meandered up his driveway while he pretended to flip through his mail.

“Night out on the town?” Greg asked with a nod to Slick’s attire.

“Hmm, what?” Slick asked as he looked up in apparent confusion. “Oh, yes. Saw a show. You?”

Greg smiled. “Just some dinner and some dancing. Chilly night tonight. Think the cape was a good idea. I should have grabbed an extra coat, right babe?”

The gorgeous model hung on Greg’s arm and every single word. It was disgusting, really, but it could not ruin Slick’s night. “That’s right, baby,” she drawled in whatever ridiculous accent that was.

“Yes, it is quite cool,” Slick stated. “Seems as though fall has at last arrived.” He was proud of his casual conversation skills.

“Oh, yeah, and thank goodness for that. The summer is always a bit too long for my liking.” Greg and his girl made towards the house now. “Well, have a good night.” Greg waved to Slick.

“Oh, you too. And try to let that dog in. I wouldn’t want him to catch a chill.” Slick couldn’t contain the laughter that bubbled up as he rushed for the door.

He was almost inside when he heard the woman turn to Greg and say, “What an odd man.”