With the success of the Dog Hair Caper, Slick found himself listless after the high passed. Of course his mind flew first to his complete failure to win the adoration of Fiona. He sunk low into his dark thoughts as the Great Exploderama Theorem played on in the background. In general, the ridiculous antics of the scientists and their gorgeous, less educated neighbor brought cheer to Slick’s heart, but today not even they could lighten the burden of his depression.

Even Reginald could sense Slick’s distress. The turtle plodded across the desktop and laid his head on Slick’s hand. Such a small comfort from his dearest friend lightened Slick’s hurt and allowed his mind to begin work on a new plan to win Fiona’s favor.

First, he required a new track to her heart. The heroic route held nothing but failure and disappointment. What did women like though? What did they want? He wasn’t sure anyone had an answer to that.

Slick stood and paced as he pondered this quandary. With each step, Reginald’s gaze followed the caped menace in his ruminations. Eventually, the turtle began to plod along the desktop to mimic Slick’s own frustrated steps.

“I don’t understand, Regi,” Slick muttered. “How does a man find the good graces of a woman? I could steal the pyramids at Giza if I so chose. How is this difficult?” It was true. In his spare time, Slick often contemplated such matters. He currently had feasible plans to steal most of the monuments around the world, complete with alternate routes in case of complications.

Such things were easy for a villain of Slick’s calibur, but to steal a woman’s heart? That was a herculean task indeed.

What Slick needed was inspiration. While his mind continued to churn, he strolled towards his trophy room. He passed so any good memorie. Here was a ball of hair, collected from his most recent scheme. further down he saw Greg’s robe, hung in all its glory in its own trophy case. Slick had replaced that one with a near identical robe that was a slightly brighter shade of blue. Next he paused in front of a small piece of concrete that represented the time he had shifted Greg’s entire house one inch to the left. Now that had been a day. Slick chuckled as he thought about the work that went into such a feat. Poor Grover had been beside himself. At last Slick stopped in front of his greatest trophy of all. This was his crowning achievement. Nothing else could possibly top this. Not only was it one of the first assaults on Greg, but it was the only time Slick had been bold enough to commit a crime that Greg noticed.

Before Slick hung Greg’s high school football jersey.

It happened at the very beginning of college. Slick and Greg went to the same school. Not many people knew that. There were plenty of issues Slick had to face that semester, chief among them the resentment and hurt from the years of bullying he’d endured. Perhaps this was the real reason he blamed Greg. As these emotions came to a peak, Greg was the only one close enough to lash out at. All those other boys went to local colleges or went straight to the workforce. Greg alone was the only one genius enough to get into a prestigious college. Slick readily admitted Greg was a genius. He’d seen the high school jock transform into the cyber security guru he was today. Slick was there for the classes, the competitions, and the awards. Greg deserved the respect and acknowledgement he received. Perhaps that made it worse for a young Slick. He’d always wanted to be accepted, and liked. The truth was, Slick didn’t know how to be. He did just as well as Greg in school, perhaps even better, but while Greg excelled in the spotlight, Slick craved the anonymity of the shadows. Were he to be honest, Slick was jealous of gold ole’ Greg and always had been.

As such, when a young, hurting Slick could take no more, he staged his greatest scheme yet. His resources were limited, yet he arranged a series of distractions and diversions. Slick hacked security, wiped cameras, picked, locks. It was fantastic. He himself snuck into Greg’s dorm room and stole the jersey. There were no drones, no robots. He had done it with his bare hands. That was the day he pledged to be a supervillain. His life truly began with that decision. Now, Slick had something of great personal value to Greg. He’d been so distraught as he tore his dorm room apart in search of that shirt, it was both satisfying and heartbreaking for Slick to watch. If he was to be a villain though, Slick had to steal his heart. Of course Greg moved on from the loss, but Slick knew the jersey meant so much to Greg, if Slick were to return

it--

That was it! If Slick could not win her love, he would buy it! Well, that sounded crass, but the idea would still work. It had to. Now he just had to research her interests.

Slick bristles with elation as he sped from the trophy room and past Reginald, who had just made it to the doorway when Slick rushed by. The turtle betrayed no sign of annoyance as he turned to follow after his master.

His chair protested with a sharp squeal as Slick flung himself down in front of his desk. At first, he thought to infiltrate her cyber domain, but somehow that felt wrong. To invade her sanctuary like that would cheapen everything. It was wrong, and he knew it.

Still, her Palface account was fair game. While it was certainly stalkerish, it was a socially acceptable form of stalking. He’d yet to add her as a friend of course, because that would upset his plans to make the perfect first impression. There were still insights to be gleaned, even though she had a fair bit of security on her account.

For instance, she had a soft spot for frappuccinos from Captain Boomer’s Coffee. There was her small rat of a puppy in one photo. The next one had promise. Fiona and some other woman stood next to a painting at the Main City Art Museum. Fiona had captioned the picture with, “Best day with bestie! This Pallek is my fave!”

Slick examined the painting in question. It was fetching, true enough. Still, to Slick it was just a mess of paint dribbles. The painting was her profile picture and cover photo though. He rolled over to his bookshelf and grabbed his yearbook. Something about that painting seemed familiar. There it was. Fiona used to be on the yearbook committee, and there was the Pallek. She had used it as the cover page separating the seniors from the rest of the student body. It was safe to say she loved that painting. If he were to give her that painting, she would be eternally grateful. In fact, her birthday was just next week. What a gift such a painting would make! The only question was how to steal it. Slick was more than capable of theft, but it was not his usual sort of scheme.

The rest of the night passed in research and deep thought. Slick acquired many insights from his online sources, including the museum’s security cameras, but on location scouting would be required. Electronics were wonderful, but some things required the personal touch, and Slick couldn’t get a good, reliable size for the galleries from cameras and blueprints. His mind made up, Slick powered down his command center and went to bed.

The morning dawned bright and clear, a good sign for a foray to the art museum. He was supposed to work, but nobody cared enough to notice if he was there or not. Skipping would not be an issue. Given that Fall had arrived in full force, Slick opted to,wear some slacks and a sweater. He considered his cape, but decided it was a tad too visible and his current mission required subtly. With a heavy heart he hung the cape in his closet and strolled out of the house into the brisk Autumn air.

It was a good day to be a villain, until Greg and his newest trollop, Francesca something or other, stumbled out of the house next door. She was all agiggle with mussed up hair and her dress slightly askew. It disgusted Slick. There he was, Greg, not so different from Slick, but with a beautiful woman hanging all over him. Her dopey smile and subtle glow attested to what they got up to last night. It was nauseating. Slick was a tad jealous.

For a moment he imagined it was him and Fiona. She held held her shoes in her hand, the slinky heels dangling seductively from her index finger. They shared a passionate kiss, but she broke the moment with a giggle. Her feet were cold on the smooth concrete. Slick swept her into his arms. No, wait, Greg swept her up. He carried her to her car. The door latch gave him little trouble as he swooped down and slid her into the seat. They talked for a few moments, kissed, then Greg closed her door and the sports car tore out of the driveway and down the street.

Slick scowled as he stomped to his Preus. Halfway to his car, Greg saw Slick and offered a wave and a smile. Greg didn’t wear a shirt. He was a god. Slick hated him. Granted, Slick himself was decently toned, but he was nothing next to Greg. As he stepped into his car, Slick offered a halfhearted wave and drove off. Greg didn’t seem to notice.

For most of his drive, Slick’s mood was atrocious, but as he thought more about his next plan his day brightened. By the time he arrived at the museum, he was giddy beyond belief. The Main City Art Museum radiated in the morning sunlight. Something in the white stone scintillated like polished gold. It was quite a sight, and Slick appreciated the design a great deal. The building was beautiful and refined, but there was a subtly to its splendor that lent it a unique charm. For one, the pillars were stout, square, and practical, not some fancy trumped up call back to eras long since past. While Slick had never been here, he was familiar with the layout of the museum. He knew that two wings extended past the main building to the east and west, and that the majority of the complex was actually submerged from the entrance into a natural basin. Once, he’d heard it used to be a silver mine, but who knew? Despite that knowledge, Slick could only see the unassuming main building. All others parts of the museum were hidden by elevation and the exquisite landscaping that surrounded it all. Grand trees grew at the perfect intervals. Flowerbeds were pruned and tailored to perfection. Shrubberies were cared for however they were cared for. It was all very beautiful and mighty impressive. Being a weekday, the museum was not too packed, though Slick was still surprised by the number of cars in the parking lot. He found a parking space as near to the door as possible and headed for the front doors. Once he mounted the broad steps he came face to face with massive front of the building. It appeared smaller from the parking lot, and it was a work of art in an of itself. The smooth perfection of the stone was impressive, and Slick nodded in admiration as he pushed past the stout, oak doors into the museum proper.

Inside was fancier than he imagined it. To his left sprawled a gift shop, with merchandise of all types scattered about. A cafe sat to his right, a refined sort of establishment that catered to a higher caliber of coffee drinkers than Slick was used to. The prices reflected that. Straight ahead was the entrance to the art itself, and it was there that Slick trotted towards. Once he purchased his admissions ticket, he slid through the gate and looked out over the main hall of the museum.

The main hall was three stories, each with more floorspace than the other. Slick, and therefore the entrance, was on the smallest, top floor. At the far end of this level Slick could see the wall curve outward as broad windows spread the entire expanse down to the first floor. All along the walls hung artwork from many contemporary artists, most of whom were local to Main City. Sculptures were tactfully spaced around the top floor while benches dotted the area to allow guests to sit and contemplate the works of art at their leisure. Grand as all this was, most people who entered were drawn first to the colossal statue of Champion.

Though it sat on the lowest floor, the statue was visible from anywhere in the main hall.

This was due in large part to the technical know how that went into the design of the building.

Most of the third floor was empty space, for that level of the hall was primarily one large balcony. The second floor utilized more space, with only a large circle cut out around the statue as opposed to the oblong space of the third. It was a testament to how much the city loved their hero, and it truly was a gorgeous statue. Slick didn’t look at it. He was on a mission and had more important things to do.

His goal was not in this hall, nor even in this building. The Main Hall housed mostly contemporary pieces, since in all honesty it was the oldest and least secure. Granted, it was a beautifully open building. There was so much glass that overlooked the magnificent landscaping behind the museum, but though it was visually stunning there were security holes all over the place. Most people, or thieves for that matter, wouldn’t notice, but Slick didn’t even have to step foot into the building to figure out most of them. With nothing to hold his interest, Slick strolled down the to the second then first floor.

The lowest floor was massive. It extended back towards the front of the museum and utilized every inch it could. So many wonderful paintings and sculptures called this level their home. To either side was a door to the Jackson Wing and the East Wing. Again, they were not what Slick was here for. He instead pushed out the back doors and onto the balcony. For most people, this was the best part of the museum.

Intended as a social and relaxation area, the balcony was an oasis in the middle of the chaos of Main City and the tourism of the museum. Comfy metal tables and chairs dotted the brick patio, waited on by the staff at the bistro off to the right. Across the balcony a fountain burst into the air, depositing water in a pool that then flowed over the edge into an enchanting waterfall. Slick had heard of the natural beauty the architects had worked into the museum, but he hadn’t believed it. Despite his rush, he decided to take the time to enjoy the view. He strolled the the railing at the far end of the balcony and looked over to see the waterfall flow into a river. The water meandered idyllically back and forth across the perfect, manicured lawns until it crossed under a quaint little bridge and later emptied into a large pond at the far end of the museum complex. Around that pond was a botanical gardens, filled with walking trails to enjoy the beauty of nature on pleasant days like today.

After an appropriate amount of time spent in admiration of nature, Slick turned his gaze across the pond to the Peterson Center for the Arts. As the newest addition to the museum’s complex, it received a great deal of attention in the media of late. Barely open six months, it was the most secure center for fine arts in the country. That, of course, was Slick’s problem. While the main building favored lots of windows and natural light, the Peterson Center was far more contained. Instead of broad, expansive halls it favored series of smaller exhibit rooms. That complicated things, especially since Slick’s target was on the second floor of the building. To make matters more complex, all great, classic works as well as any art on loan to the museum ended up at the Peterson Center. As such, their security was top notch, and it wouldn’t be an easy job. Slick could do it easily if he had enough time. With less than a week though, he’d have to work some mighty powerful magic to be successful. Slick could do much with next to nothing, but time was one resource essential to his process. Before he could progress any further, however, he best take a look at the building and see what he was dealing with. After a final moment to take in the picturesque view, Slick wandered off down the stairway and towards the Peterson Center.
