Birds chirped, trees rustled, geese honked, and squirrels made whatever that sound was called. You know, the one with the clicks and such? No idea? Alright then, we’d best move on. It was an idyllic day, and Slick enjoyed the jaunt down the stairs from the patio as well as the stroll down the meandering path. He even paused for a moment on the bridge to watch as a chipmunk tried desperately to drown a grasshopper. Slick had no idea what that was about, but it amused him for a time.

At last he decided he had to see to business, so he walked with purpose towards the Peterson Center just a little ways down the path. For a moment he stood in front of the building and stared up at the cold, grey stone. There was an austere, dignified look to this gallery, but it lacked the grace of the main museum. Slick couldn’t say the building was less beautiful, but he did wish a little more effort had been put into melding the newest building with its larger, mother gallery up the hill. Still, it was a secure, attractive enough building that held some of the greatest works to ever be housed in any museum of art.

His external survey concluded, Slick mounted the stairs and entered the gallery. The layout was much as Slick had anticipated from his preliminary research, but though the exterior of the building seemed uninspired, the interior was breathtaking. Slick hadn’t even looked at the artwork yet and he was impressed. Great care and expense had been taken to ensure that this gallery would leave an impression on the minds of its guests. There was a stately and extravagant elegance to the design of the rooms, but none of it came close to tacky or overdone. Exquisite woodwork on the walls complimented the gorgeous choice of stone tiles for the floor. Each bench was a work of art itself, hand carved by local artisans. Slick knew that the Peterson family was loaded, but their donation must have been massive to warrant such a monument to their generosity. Perhaps it was a palace to their vanity. He’d heard it both ways. Regardless, it was a fitting home for the magnificent masterpieces that filled this hall.

Whereas Slick ignored most of the Main Hall’s exhibits, he took his time to wander around the Peterson Center and take in the beauty around him. Granted, he also took the time to peer at the various cameras, sensors, and other miscellaneous security measures he could casually observe. His heart fell when he saw the Fyntech 3600 Detection Units installed around the gallery. There was little doubt he could crack the technology, but it was some of the best on the market. It would take him far longer than the six days he had. The most he could hope for was access to monitor the systems and see what they saw. While not without its value, that was not what Slick had wanted to find on this little excursion.

The guards would be another problem. While those in the Main Hall were obtuse and lax in their duties, the Peterson Center staff seemed far more confident and alert. In all fairness, they had to, for if anything in this gallery went missing, the Museum would be liable to pay out a huge sum of money. Nothing in this hall was owned by the Museum, unlike the majority of the pieces in the Main Hall. Slick’s target painting was on the second floor, however, and it was time to move on up to take a look at the lay of the land.

While the upper floor was smaller, it was no less grand. Slick wandered the gallery until he came to the desired painting. The Palek hung there, motionless in the still air of the museum. Slick didn’t know why he should expect it to do much else, but he realized he had. What was the point? He sat on the bench to ponder the work and try to discern Fiona’s obsession with this piece. Each string of color layered over each other in a dizzying cacophony of paint. Could art be a cacophony, or was that just music? At any rate, there seemed to be little technique in the application of the paint to canvas, or was there a technique so subtle that it passed Slick’s ability to comprehend it? He traced over each line best as he could. What little blank space left was examined with the harshest of scrutiny. Did he see an image in the mess of paint? Was there a rhythm to the madness, an order beneath the chaos of the universe? More importantly, was this a feeling coming on? What strange emotion crept up within him. Could it be he appreciated this incoherent blob of a painting? Had Slick reached new, deeper heights in his emotional development?

Slick burped. Nope, nothing. He didn’t know what the appeal was, but if Fiona loved this painting so much, she would have it. One day, when they were married and happy, she would have to tell him why this painting. Palek had other, less ridiculous work. What about this one called to her so deeply?

It wouldn’t be easy to steal, not in five days. He didn’t have a robot or drone delicate enough to transport the piece, and he didn’t see a way to build one in the time remaining. That meant he’d have to steal it in person. The idea worried him, but he felt he was more than capable. He would just cut it from the frame, which would simplify things greatly, but apparently the frame was essential to the painting. Something about the history or blah, blah, blah. Still, it was an integral part of the work, so he had to figure out a way around that. There was the question of a daytime or nighttime heist. Without a doubt he would need access to the cameras and security systems. He already knew he couldn’t hack them remotely without detection, so he’d have to look for a hardwire tap. It shouldn’t be hard if he could just find an access point to the cables. A cursory sweep didn’t reveal any inside. Maybe there was a junction box on the exterior.

With little else to do, Slick went to check on that. He didn’t want to draw too much suspicion, so when he left the Peterson Center he slipped in with a small family until he could break off and slink around the side of the gallery. Deft steps carried him around the perimeter, but he didn’t see anything his first time around. Cutting into the building to find some cable was an option, but it was time consuming and difficult to cover up, not to mention the noise it would produce. Slick pondered his quandary while he plodded back towards the patio connected to the

Main Hall. Perhaps a different perspective would shed some light.

Slick was quite casual as he mounted the steps and leaned up against the railing to examine the Peterson Center from afar. He still saw nothing at ground level, so he swept his gaze up the building. At first he had no luck, but something caught his attention out of the corner of his eye. Squinting did nothing to enhance his view, so he drew out his telescopic lens and examined the roof of the first floor. He didn’t quite know what he looked for, but his heart jumped in his chest when he found it, a single access conduit from the first floor to the second, tactfully tucked behind an embellished corner of the architecture.

That was it. With that last piece of information, Slick was sure he could pull this little caper off now. It wouldn’t be easy, but few of his plans were. A satisfied smirk settled on Slick’s face as he ambled out of the museum. His confidence only wavered for a moment when he forgot where he parked, but soon he found his Preus and sped home to begin his plot. He was sure to put on his “Evil Hits Number 3,” mix, proven to be the most inspirational for his evil scheming. Seriously, there was real science behind it and everything. Slick ran some tests. I’m not sure how he measured it, but he was satisfied with the results.

Once he was home, Slick wasted no time. He was in his basement before Reginald could even recognize that Slick was home. The turtle did diligently make his way through his own trap door to join Slick in his lair. He was hard at work as he jotted away at his whiteboard. A quick sketch of the museum’s layout could be recognized, but everything else was a bit of a mess. Still Slick scribbled on. He didn’t dare stop until at last his entire plan stood boldly detailed in dry erase marker.

By this time, Reginald had made it to Slick’s workbench. The villain laughed when he realized his pal was present. “Just in time, Regi boy!” he exclaimed. “Come and witness my master plan! It’s genius, as always,” Slick finished with a smug grin on his face. Reginald seemed interested, so Slick pressed on.

“As you can see, we have the Main City Museum of Art. I’m going to get Fiona a bit of a birthday present. Now, it all begins here,” Slick circled a point on the diagram and then proceeded to relate the rest of his diabolical plot to his valiant companion. Reginald was a great audience. He didn’t interrupt once.

Slick at last finished with a flourish of his marker and a swish of his cape. He eyed

Reginald for a moment before he made his next inquiry. “What do you think, Reg?”

Reginald blinked.

“Aha!” Slick jumped into the air with a single finger extended in a display of celebratory triumph. “I knew it!” Now Slick struck a pose and his cape swirled about him in a grand display of villainous splendor. Speechless as always,” Slick finished with a quick wink to Reginald. Without a second thought, Slick sped off to begin his preparations. He didn’t even wait to see if Reginald had something to say.

The next three days flew by for Slick. He did go to work, but only because he had to. There were essential benefits to employment at the Book Shelf, and even Chuck would eventually get wise to a prolonged absence. Still, his paltry hours did little to inhibit his ability to make the necessary preparations.

First, he had to get access to the cameras. As he said, the security system was beyond his ability to hack in the limited time he had, but he was able to tap into the stream and see everything the security team saw. He could not yet monitor the security system itself, but it was a start. He spend a great deal of time tracking the movements of the guards and the operations of the museum. At length he felt he had a solid working schedule for the place, and a nighttime raid would certainly be preferable. With only three days to go, he needed to get everything else in order.

He planned the next stage for the third night. It should be simple enough, since he already had a drone capable of planting the required tap. As soon as the sun set and the moon rose high in the sky, Slick got to work. The drone was ready long before nightfall, and Slick launched without incident. He contemplated a start closer to the museum, but decided the batteries should be sufficient enough to see him through. An eerie green glow emitted from Slick’s monitor as he watched the night vision camera mounted on the drone. Thus far he’d not been detected, and though the security was tight at the museum, he doubted it was routine to watch for drone invasion.

There was one second of panic as Champion sprang past the drone from the darkness. The world stopped for one terrifying moment as Slick feared failure. He’d come up with a plan for Champion long ago, but he was not in a position to implement it. The superhero didn’t notice the drone. Slick wasn’t sure at first what it was Champion chased, and curiosity got the better of him. He took a few moments to follow the hero with the drone. Slick saw a brief shadow blur across the street and he knew at once what was going on. It must be Shades. Champion would have his hands full if that was true.

His curiosity satisfied for the moment, Slick turned the drone back towards the museum and continued with his plan. The small machine whirred through the night without incident and arrived in safety at its destination. From there it took little time at all to maneuver into position near the conduit at the Peterson Building. He took a moment to survey the camera feeds. Night vision would not be enough. Slick required some real light and high definition camera feeds.

With the coast clear, he switched the camera and cut on the small floodlight set into the drone. Slick was careful as he engaged the cutting torch. Sparks arced through the steel and the plate fell away to clatter on the roof. Slick was concerned someone would hear, but thus far none of the guards appeared alarmed.

The drone deftly produced a small device from one arm while another cut away a portion of the proper, cables. Slick spliced in the control module quick as could be, and the disruption should have appeared as little more than a brief flicker on the monitors of the security room.

Now that his override was in place, Slick had the drone pick up and weld in the cut away conduit. The whole process took longer than he’d like, but he was working through a drone, after all. Just as he clicked off the floodlight and switched back to the night vision camera, a flashlight burst to life on the lawn below. Slick wasn’t sure what he should do. On the one hand, it was safe to assume that the guard would not look up at the drone. Still, if he did, the discovery could mean a great deal of complications to Slick’s plan.

Slick tracked the beam of light as it swept over the landscape below. The night was overcast, and the guard could only see where the beam pointed. Since he’d yet to be discovered, Slick felt it was safe to edge away from the building. With each subtle movement, Slick flinched at the whir of the drone’s motors. He realized that the chances were slim that his drone could be heard above the gurgle of the stream, but he was too close to take any unnecessary chances. As the drone drifted over the stream the guard’s flashlight shot to the roof, dreadfully close to the conduit Slick had tampered with. Given his narrowing window of escape, Slick booked it across the stream and up into the night.

A shout broke the stillness as the guard rounded his flashlight on the fleeing drone. “Backup! We have an intruder!” the guard, who Slick decided to call Phil, hollered into his walkie talkie. Slick wasn’t sure what Phil thought to accomplish by such a feat, but he didn’t let that stop him as he sped upwards and away from the museum. He let out an exhilarated cry of triumph as he steered home. Distracted as he was, Slick almost missed the other drone shoot out in front of his.

“What’s this?” Slick asked no one in particular. A dull burst or light emanated from the other drone and Slick only just managed to dip out of the way as an electrified net flew overhead. “What kind of museum has drone security!?!” Slick hollered at the monitor as he dove down towards the street outside the museum.

His foes continued pursuit, and their pilots were quick skilled. On top of that, their machines were fast enough that they kept up with Slick’s. That was no easy feat. What company could have produced it? Slick hadn’t a clue. Furthermore, what was the drone’s agenda? Slick already gathered that it was meant to disable, destroy, or capture his own drone, which was troublesome in and of itself. Now, it appeared more than capable to do it. Slick pushed his engines to their max as he ducked and weaved between powerlines and light poles.

Despite his best efforts, Slick couldn’t lose the drone. It only tried to snare him one other time, but he dodged the net and sped past the beagle that was unfortunate enough to be in its path. Slick growled. This was not how the night should go. So far his piloting skills were superior, but only just so. It became clear that he would never get away if he hugged the street, so Slick looked around for an alternate route. Already the chase had garnered more attention than he felt comfortable with.

Slick’s eyes caught a promising alley as he whizzed by. With a quick adjustment, the drone dropped and twirled around to dive bomb into the seedy side street. His adversary overshot the drone as Slick jerked away from the oncoming truck and tucked along its side to continue further down the alley. A quick look at the rear camera showed the enemy drone enter the alley in pursuit, but Slick was already halfway to the next street.

If he didn’t do something drastic, though, there was no point in continuing. He had to get away, and his foe was skilled enough to keep up in the broad streets of Main City. To attempt an escape in the open air above the buildings was right out. Instead, Slick decided to gamble with the safety of his drone and careen into an open window.

He only just kept the drone from plowing into the wall of the small living room he’d entered. The quaint family exploded from the couch with curses and exclamations as Slick righted the drone. After another moment the enemy drone followed and the family dropped to the floor as the two machines danced around the room in an attempt to get the better of each other.

Now that he had direct eyes on the machine, he could see that it was impressively geared towards taking out other drones. Slick feigned to one side then cut back across to hover in front of the tv. His ploy was successful, and Slick watched as the last net fired into the blank wall a few feet away. He noticed the three empty canisters that must have held the nets. Without those weapons, Slick wasn’t sure what the drone’s next move would be. It wasn’t long before he found out.

If Slick hadn’t noticed the barrels start to turn, he’d have probably missed the machine guns tucked into his foe’s drone. Even so, he almost didn’t dodge in time as the bullets ripped through the small room and plow straight into the television. The family sobbed on the floor, but Slick had other things to think about at the moment. He dashed over his enemy in a desperate ploy to find the open window, but his adversary cut him off and lit up its machine guns again. This time the bullets demolished the door, and once the fire stopped, Slick dashed through the tatters of wood that still hung from the hinges. On a whim he chose left and darted down the hall as his foe plummeted along after him. He slammed the stick right, then upwards as he weaved into the stairwell and blasted towards the roof.

While the skylight was a good sign, Slick didn’t think his drone could survive the impact of crashing through. Never fear, for Slick had a plan. He continued to push his engines on towards the glass with the enemy drone close behind. When he had no choice but to plow into the skylight, Slick cut the engines. Gravity slowed his drone as the enemy shot past a hair’s width away. Though it tried to stop, the machine collided with the skylight and tumbled past and onto the roof. One of its propellers broke free and dropped to the floor several stories below.

Slick activated the engines and shot out of the building. He saw the other drone attempt to right itself, but with its new handicap Slick had little trouble as he outpaced it and dived back into the city. Before long he lost it, but he still didn’t feel safe heading straight back to his lair. Instead, he ducked into the sewers and made his way to the access tunnel that would route back to his basement. He continued on without incident, but he dreaded the drone’s arrival. It always smelled so foul when he took the sewers home.