Cool wind rushed past Slick as he rushed to become acquainted with the ground.

Perhaps you wonder how Slick planned to get out of this little mess he put himself in? I’m sure your thoughts first go to his cape. He did something special to it, and it doubled as a glider? Wouldn’t that be nice, but I’m afraid not. There were no lines attached to him either. He was in every true sense free falling to his death. Still, you know he had a plan, for there’s a good deal of this story yet to go and Slick is far too entertaining to abandon now.

Though not an adrenaline junky, Slick found the sensation of his plunge quite exhilarating. He let it last longer than necessary, but as his point of no return approached, he slid his hands into his first gadget of the night, a pair of gauntlets that hung from his belt. They powered up with a loud whirr of electricity. Strictly speaking, Slick had not tested these out yet. Could he have benefitted from a field test? He supposed, but he wasn’t too worried. The science was solid.

Apprehensive yet positive, Slick waited for the green light to pop on. He continued to fall. Any second now, and they’d be ready. The ground was quite close now, but he wasn’t worried because, ding! There it was, the green light. Slick curled his fingers in ever so slightly. As he did so, he felt a steady pulse of energy shoot towards the ground. The more he balled his fists, the more powerful the emissions. Confident that they worked, he curled his fingers as far as they could without blocking the beam.

The resultant sonic waves were strong enough to shoot Slick back into the air. His arms were locked well enough that they followed the gauntlets quite nicely. Most of his upper torso was much the same, but his legs were less fortunate. Still under the sway of gravity, his feet plunged down and Slick felt a truly unpleasant sensation as his body adjusted to the use of these gloves. Next time, boots would be required. Why he hadn’t thought of that was beyond him, but there it was. Boots should help to stabilize the propulsion.

Slick had solved the issue of falling, but now he was going in the wrong direction. It took him some time to learn to control his newest gizmo, but control it he did and at last he settled gently to the ground. He cut power to the gloves and stashed them quick as he could. This had not been his favorite experience ever.

Somehow no one heard the commotion. Slick knew that the museum enlisted the aid of seismic sensors to detect any movement on the paintings, so he had been careful to choose this spot to descend. His landing zone was the furthest he could be from the two buildings, and he had to say he was impressed by the accuracy he was able to achieve in his descent. That business out of the way, Slick stood and strolled towards the Peterson Center. His body hurt in odd places, but he wouldn’t let that stop him.

The crux of his plan lie in that little device he installed the previous evening. It was a great piece of tech alright, but he’d had to limit its range to avoid detection and to keep him safe should the signal be tracked. Slick was confident, but not a fool. He only needed to get close enough to link with the adapter, and the security systems would be his. Just outside the spotlights was adequate, and he chose that spot to settle down and go to work on his tablet. It only took a few moments to find the hijack mechanism and connect. It did not appear to have been noticed, which was always a plus. Things were a bit trickier from there.

Slick had anticipated a nice, smooth transition with the uplink to the security system. He wasn’t wrong often, but when he was it tended to make him quite disagreeable. It was all he could do not to chuck the tablet into the foliage as he fumed behind the bushes. After a brief moment of despondency, Slick redoubled his efforts and channeled his anger into his work. The unforeseen issues became problematic. More than once Slick had to think on his feet and rush to avoid detection. Not only were there built in security protocols to check for just the thing he was doing, but the lackluster connection caused all sorts of things to go haywire. At one point, half the cameras went out, and how Slick was able to fix it before a guard noticed was anyone’s guess.

Despite the upsets, Slick found the issue. SecCorp was the best commercial provider for security systems. In fact, they’re who Slick tested much of his new codes against. The company touted their own, unique operating system that was hackerproof. That was a boldface lie, of course, but nevermind that. Armed with such knowledge, Slick proceeded to plan under certain assumptions based off the idea they had a home brewed system. That was not the case.

Instead they utilized a heavily modded version of Ventana View.

So you can understand the horror Slick felt upon this realization, I should give some context. Ventana is the name of the world’s most popular operating system. Developed by the Macroloft corporation, they must have done something right, for their system had been on top of the world for decades. For the most part, they were solid systems with only a dud here and there. Then there was Ventana View. Never before had an operating system so deservedly earn the hatred of an entire world. If someone told you they preferred View even to a shot in the kidney, they were a troll or a simpleton. Such was the travesty that was View. It was a shock that such an inferior system was used when there were three wonderfully superior one available just now.

At least he knew what was wrong now. Armed with such knowledge, it was easy if somewhat time consuming to patch his previous work into the security systems. With only another fifteen minutes lost, Slick had undetected control of the security systems. He’d still have to be careful. He couldn’t do anything about the guard who sat at the security monitors. Things must appear as normal, or else Slick would arouse suspicion. There was one thing he could do though.

Slick was prepared. He uploaded the video files from his lair’s computer and set them into a controlled loop on a choice few monitors. Anyone would think about looping a video feed, but most fell through by going with a few seconds from that night. That’d be adequate, Slick supposed, but there were inherent flaws. For one, guards knew when other guards patrolled. If those didn’t match up quite right, all sorts of issues could stem from that. Slick’s solution was to create a powerful algorithm that analyzed both the live feeds from the cameras and the recordings Slick brought to cover his nefarious deed. He taught the program what it was seeing, and gave it a two-part purpose. First, it analyzed what happened around the Peterson Center and used a large database of videos from previous evenings to fill around current events and cover the cameras Slick designated. Second, it tracked his movements and alerted him if a guard approached through another room. Again he hadn’t had the time to test it, but it should be

fine.

Now that he was prepared, Slick disabled one of the window alarms and slipped across the small stretch of lawn and into the building. He took great care to shut the window behind him. Though he had control of security, there were still all sorts of seismic alarms and the like he had to leave running. The less he modified, the less of a chance he would be caught. His path was easy enough to follow. He had a photographic memory and spent hours poring over blueprints of this building. Every inch of the place lit up in his mind with a complex diagram that detailed camera angles, sensor ranges, and expected guard patrols. Still he treaded with caution. He was much more fearless when he was not personally doing the misdeed of the night.

Our protagonist proceeded through the gallery with little incident. The stairs weren’t far at all when his tablet vibrated in its pouch. Slick cast a quick glance around to see a flashlight beyond the archway at the far side of his current room. He did a quick calculation and determined he had about fifteen seconds given the trajectory and movement of the beam of light. He’d wasted five of those on the calculations. Yes, yes, you’d expect far quicker computations from a genius of Slick’s calibur, but his nerves were fried just now. He had a lot going on.

Ten seconds later the beam passed over the famed Saturn de Thatch. Slick hoped beyond hope that the guard didn’t notice that the world renowned sculpture now had two black clad arms, a cape, and a top hat. Given that the beam and attached guard passed along on their merry way, it was safe to assume that Slick went unnoticed. After the sound of footsteps faded, Slick slipped out of his hiding spot and examined the statue. The woman, a classic beauty, was stunning in the details the ancient artist had worked from the white marble. She was nude, of course, aside from the sheet or whatever it was draped around her waist, but that was common with classical artists it seemed. Somewhere along the line she’d lost her arms, and Slick idly wondered where that had happened.

Still, there was no time to delay longer. Slick dashed up the stairs and into the second floor gallery. There hung the Palek, lit only by the moon filtered through the broad panes of glass. Under the pal light the painting acquired a certain charm that Slick hadn’t seen during the day. He could almost say that he liked it, but not quite. Before he continued forward, he took a moment to survey the cameras on his tablet. Nothing seemed out of the ordinary. George was in the entryway. Greg patrolled outside the building. Geoffrey tried to flirt with Glinda outside the security office. Slick hadn’t realized until this moment that every name he’d assigned started with a g. Odd.

Once his perusal of the cameras was finished, he took a moment to disable the seismic sensors on the painting. Everything was fine thus far, and Slick hoped his luck continued. He had every confidence it would, of course, but he’d grown a touch superstitious about his capers where Fiona’s heart was involved. He slipped the tablet back in its spot as he pulled a folded up contraption from behind his cape. With a few deft motions he flicked it open to reveal a case for the painting. He took a moment to secure the braces then set it below down against the wall below the Palek.

Slick flexed his fingers as he mentally prepared to take the painting. Reason dictated he’d be fine. The sensors and alarms on this particular piece were off, and no guards were within a hundred feet of his location. It should be a simple thing to slip it from its fasteners and into the bag. With a gulp, Slick grabbed the thing and tugged it from its place. It didn’t move. Perplexed, Slick tried again, but still no luck. He yanked harder, but the blasted painting wouldn’t move. Exasperated, he stepped back and examined the painting some more. Nothing evident jumped out at him, so he pushed up close to the wall and tried to examine how it had been hung. The frame hovered just a smidge from the wall, though Slick couldn’t see offhand how it did so. He produced a small LED flashlight and took a closer look. Under the bright bulb, Slick saw for rods locked into the frame and then into tracks on the wall. It was a subtle, secure system, but Slick saw a way around. Of course there was the keyholes on each fastener, but he didn’t have time to mess with those.

Instead, he opted for a different approach. If he couldn’t get the rods out of the wall, he’d get them out of the frame instead. This would require a delicate touch, for he didn’t want to damage the frame more than necessary. Slick dug around in his tool kit until he found a long probe with a right angle bend at the end. I wouldn’t think it was strong enough to do much good, nor was its purpose clearly evident. Still, Slick seemed too think it would work and his judgement generally was superb. With great care he wiggled the probe into the wood around the pin. When it was as deep as it would go, Slick tried to wiggle the painting and loosen the wood’s grasp on the metal. He had no luck.

Frustrated, Slick decided it was time for desperate measures. He returned the probe to their spot and pulled out what looked like a pair of cutting dikes with some sort of dismantled alarm clock attached to it. Well, maybe it didn’t resemble a clock, but there were unusual electronics rigged to the tool. Slick held a trigger and the pliers began to hum. He brought the cutting edges down onto the first rod, but the steel was far too tough to cut. Undeterred, he held the dikes clamped shut over the metal. The cutting edges began to glow a dull red, then a bright orange. As the metal heated, the blades pushed through the steel rods with ever increasing ease until at last they cut through.

Slick repeated the process with the other three rods, with only a slight hiccup on the last one as he attempted to balance the painting and but the rod. In the end, the painting was his and secured in its case which he threw over his shoulders like a gigantic backpack. Pleased with his handiwork, Slick surveyed the scene with a smirk before he turned towards the stairs. Things had gone well, but that was just the easy part. Now he had to escape with the painting, and something told him that wouldn’t be nearly as easy as his little trip in.