Slick had one day more until he could give his hard won gift to Fiona. He didn’t work today, so he had plenty of time to work on the issues last night’s complications had caused. He jotted down a quick list to keep himself organized then went to work. Needless to say his first priority was the painting. He hadn’t forgotten that sickening crack the night before, and it was with a great deal of trepidation that he reached for,the latch on the case. It had been impossible to tell what broke, given the bustle and noise at that moment. With a deep breath he opened the case and withdrew the Palek.

Despite his fears, the painting was fine. There was perhaps the tiniest of scratches, but the minor flaw was lost in the chaos of colors. Upon further investigation, Slick found that it was one of the supports for the case that cracked. With that weight off his mind, Slick set aside the painting and moved on to his next item of business, the Delage.

Due to Teledine’s intervention, the car had some troubles. The frame was solid, but the front end had some major cosmetic damage. He also thought the front axle might be a tad bent, which made Slick hope for swift retribution on Teledine. Slick could fix all the damage done to it, but it would take time. With a displeased grunt he rolled up his sleeves and went to work on the vehicle.

Slick dedicated his morning to the automobile. When lunchtime rolled around, he called it quits and made a sandwich. He didn’t plan on anymore dastardly capers, so the car could wait. After a few moments of well deserved leisure time, Slick began to work on some of his gadgets from the previous evening.

Everything worked how he planned it, save the Levitation Gauntlets. No, he didn’t like that. The Sonic Stimulators had a certain ring to it, but now that Slick thought about it, that had a certain suggestive connotation. Ah well, he’d figure something out. He always did.

The gloves themselves worked out well enough, but he realized after the near fiasco last night that they were best used for directional adjustments, not primary propulsion. Slick decided flight would best be obtained via boots or a jetpack. He spent a decent bit of time devoted to the boots idea. Something about it called to him, even if it seemed a bit silly. The problem became clear very early on. Rocket boots could be feasible, but they would require a full suit to be most effective. On top of that there were the issues with fuel storage and consumption. The more he looked at it, the more he realized that controlling them would present about as many issues as the gloves. It seemed a jetpack would be best, and so he got to work.

He didn’t have much time, but he got a theoretically working prototype finished before the night was out. Early as it was, Slick was sure he could work out all the little kinks. Excited, he rolled across his workspace to grab his torch.

“Attention, citizens of Main City.” The news bulletin cut into the normal news program, which was an odd thing for it to do. It seemed like the station was already in the proper place to announce a piece of breaking news. Slick wasn’t interested enough to stop his work, but he did keep an ear open.

Slick often put the news on in the background while he worked. Many assumed Slick didn’t care about the outside world, but that simply wasn’t true. There was no genius in ignoring one’s environment, and Slick was a genius after all. Well, to be honest, he didn’t care about the outside world, but he did like to know what to expect when he walked out his door. Besides, the little idiosyncrasies of normal humans provided some amusing distractions for Slick. It wasn’t usually hard, but he enjoyed piecing all the little events that made life interesting in Main City. Supervillains, politics, corporate espionage, superheroes, they all made Main City a truly interesting place to live.

“We don’t know how to say this,” the newscaster continued, tears in her eyes as she relayed the news. Intriguing, but then again these simpletons found it heartbreaking when one silly celebrity cheated on another. Slick still wasn’t that interested.

“It seems,” she sniffed back something, though Slick didn’t want to ponder long on what it was. There were dignified, feminine ways to sniff back tears. She did not embody those. “I’m sorry, it’s never easy when a hero falls.” Now Slick was intrigued. Did one of the superheroes die? Slick continued his work, but raised an eye to glance at the monitor.

“He was one of the best. We know he spent most of his time in Twin City, but we here in Main City knew his goodness.” Knew his goodness? What kind of crud was this? Slick couldn’t decide if she was off the teleprompter or if the writers were just losing it. Still, it clearly wasn’t

Champion that kicked it. He almost never went beyond the borders of Main City. Who operated out of Twin City though? There was Smokecat, and Geoload. Then too there was Saber Storm. It’d be no surprise if he’d died. Slick always thought him a good deal worthless. Okay, he was a great deal worthless. Slick was not prepared for what came next.

“There’s no use delaying, fellow citizens. This very evening, not a half an hour ago, Major Optimism robbed the Third First Main City National Bank.” Slick gave his full attention to the television now as his torch continued to burn through the metal chestplate in front of him. “I know, I know. It’s unbelievable. Major Optimism himself, how could it be? It’s a dark day indeed for the Sister Cities. What does it mean, and is this but the first of our heroes to fall? Who knows.” The anchor pepped up, though ears still rested in her eyes. “And now, we move on to tonight’s top story. Who wore the hottest new fashions at the--” Slick clicked off the tv as he deactivated his torch. He examined the breastplate for a moment, and when he saw the damage wasn’t so bad, he settled back into his chair and thought.

Major Optimism, a villain? It wasn’t possible. Despite the inconvenience he’d been last night, Slick had a great deal of respect for Major Optimism. No hero stood as unwavering for goodness and right. Major Optimism was more than just a psuedonym, it was a promise. The hero never gave up, and never turned from that straight and narrow path he’d set for himself.

Slick couldn’t believe it, that such a man could turn to crime. Most heroes wouldn’t surprise him. Even Champion ran the risk of straddling the wrong side of the law. If any of those others had fallen, Slick would only grunt in acceptance and move on. Major Optimism was different. He was better, and made of something far greater than any man. He inspired hope, even in the cold, evil heart of Slick. If someone could be that good, maybe there was a chance for peace and happiness in the world. It was truly distressing to hear of his betrayal. Slick was confused, and had no idea what to think. More than that, he was surprised. He did not like it one bit.

Slick stewed in frustration as he tore over the events that could have led to Major Optimism’s downfall. There hadn’t been much about him in the news though, but perhaps that was a clue in and of itself. While not the biggest glory hog around, Major Optimism was active enough that he made the tabloids with great regularity. What had he been up to recently if not fighting evil? Had he seemed off last night? Slick hadn’t noticed. Granted, he seemed to have some beef with Teledine, but the man was a twit. Who wouldn’t? Even so, Slick added the bit of information to his mental whiteboard. He could discount nothing.

With his mental stores exhausted of all pertinent information, Slick turned to the internet and began to research anything related to the topic of Major Optimism’s new chosen profession. He found witness statements and interviews that hadn’t made the nightly news. Apparently Major Optimism had been quite polite throughout the whole thing. He’d been forced to injure a man who resisted, but otherwise promised they’d all be okay. Major Optimism kept his promise. Save the stolen money and a broken nose, little harm was done. It was an interesting methodology for robbing a bank. Slick supposed he was still struggling with his heroic tendencies. That must be an interesting dilemma to find yourself in.

Still there was the question of why. Why in the world would he turn so abruptly? Slick thought about dropping the issue, but when he tried it clawed at the back of his mind like a rabid platypus. Finally, Slick could take it no more. He dropped his work, closed down his lair, and donned his casual villain outing outfit. To the untrained eye, it looked much like his regular villain outfit. This one, however, was designed more for comfort and daily use. Its fabric was cheaper, and the fit looser. Not to mention his proper villain outfit was clearly midnight black while his casual suit was a solid onyx. He did opt to leave the top hat at home though.

Slick wasn’t sure where he would start, but he figured the best place would be the bank. He couldn’t take the Delage, but he didn’t want the Preus tied to this outing. He supposed it’d have to be the motorcycle. Now, Slick wasn’t usually a motorcycle sort of person. They tended towards power, and machismo, but Slick was more of a finesse kinda guy. Hence, the elegant and stylish Delage and the sleek, pragmatic Preus. Still, when he’d seen the Native Sixty-Vanguard, he had to have it. It was loud. It was powerful. It roared with the ferocity of a million feral tigers. It wreaked of man. This bike was everything Slick wasn’t, and he loved every inch of it. Granted, he didn’t take it out often, but when he did the rush was unlike anything else he’d ever experienced.

The Native was propped in the sub basement next to the Delage. It was painted, as you might suspect, in all black, though the chrome pipes and engine were a very nice accent that he didn’t often go for. With a certain reverence, Slick powered up the bike and the rumble and roar boomed through the confined garage. Though his eardrums throbbed, he relished the sensation as he twirled his scarf over his face and pulled his goggles into place. Slick kicked the throttle up and shot down the tunnel like a bullet. He drove the Delage with a certain amount of reckless abandon, it’s true, but that was nothing next to the risks he took on the Native. The bike sped through the abandoned subway and eventually up into the warehouse quicker than he’d ever managed in the Delage.

He swerved out onto the street and tore along towards the bank. Everywhere he went, eyes turned towards the noise his bike made, but he didn’t care. The black wool of his cape fluttered behind him while his scarf trailed in the wind. Not long ago the sun had set, and the chill autumn air made the ride pleasantly unpleasant. By the time he swung into a parking spot down the street from the Third First Main City National Bank. He pulled his cape tighter around his shoulders as he snuck down to the building in question.

The bank wasn’t large. In fact, it was tucked into a small space between a fancy cafe and some sort of fashion place. It called itself a boutique, whatever that was. Slick circled the building best as he could. Nothing obvious stuck out, so he moved on to phase two. He’d had first hand accounts, but even those were hard to trust. What he needed was real, raw footage of the robbery. Thankfully, he was quite certain he could get it. Once more he produced his trusty tablet, and he prepared himself for a tricky bout of hacks, taps, and cracks. To his surprise, all it took was a simple password hack. The password was Passw0rD, even, which made Slick cringe. These were the people entrusted with the funds of others. Those poor, poor fools.

Now that he had access to the camera footage, he rolled it back until he saw Major Optimism enter. Sure enough, that was him alright. There could be little doubt, though granted the cameras were not the highest quality. Still, his outfit was unmistakable, and Slick found the bearing and manner of the man to be identical to that of the hero from the museum heist. So it was true. How did Major Optimism pull it off though? From the footage, he didn’t have a weapon, though Slick knew he was a skilled hand to hand combat specialist. As far as Slick could tell, Major Optimism took no steps to disable security or interrupt recording.

Slick was intrigued as he watched the bank teller’s response to Major Optimism’s demands. At first there was confusion, then amusement, followed by shock, and then something akin to terror. The bank manager reacted much the same. When it was all said and done, Major Optimism broke a man’s nose, and made it out of the bank with a bag full of cash. Given the size and apparent weight, Slick imagined it must be in the neighborhood of half a million. Not a bad haul, truth be told. If there was no information of value in this footage though, Slick would have to figure out where Major Optimism went from there.

Thankfully, Slick had standing access to the city’s traffic cameras. It was crazy silly how easy that had been to pull off. He didn’t even have to hack anything. Instead, he flashed a forged id and they’d created him a username and password. It was like making a baby into candy. Wait, that wasn’t how expression went. Slick thought on that for a moment, but got distracted as he noticed the man across the street from him. The fellow seemed unusually interested in Slick, and that was something that Slick found unusually annoying.

This gentleman was hard to pin down. He was not tall, but not particularly short. While not overweight, he was also not thin. Though he seemed attractive enough if you’re into that sort of thing, he was middle of the road in any cursory assessment. He did have a shaved head and a parka, which wouldn’t be odd if he wasn’t also wearing cargo shorts and sneakers. Slick cocked his head and watched the man watching him. For a split second, Slick felt like he should look away, but he quickly got over that and instead stared right back into the man’s scrutinous gaze. After a moment, Slick’s observer turned and sauntered down the street. Slick didn’t know what to make of it, so he filed away the experience for later use and went on his merry way.

Slick followed Major Optimism’s progress on the cameras with a great deal of ease. It wasn’t that the hero was inept when it came to matters of stealth, but that Slick was quite good at using cameras to find what he was looking for. From the bank, Major Optimism slid into a modest car and drove off. Slick mounted his motorcycle and turned on his glasses. Besides the impression that the glasses made him look somehow more villainous, Slick wore them because they were high tech marvels. Sure, Doodle was working on a similar product, but they were a fair way behind Slick. Once the lenses powered up, Slick slung the video feed from the tablet to his left lens and took off down the street.

It took a great deal of concentration to avoid a collision. He’d trained for this though, so Slick was able to weave in and out of the sparse city traffic as he pursued the images in his lens. Once, he had to pull over and find Major Optimism again. Though there weren’t many out and about at the moment, Major Optimism chose a very busy time to knock over that bank. In the end, Slick had to arrange an algorithm that automatically tracked the vehicle in question through the various cameras that dotted the streets. Once he was settled, Slick once again pursued his phantom prey into downtown Main City.

Major Optimism disappeared from Slick’s view and our protagonist was so shocked he almost swerved into a donut truck before running over a poodle. Let’s be clear, he did not run over the poodle either. I know that it may have read like that, but thus far no animals have been harmed in the making of this tale. At any rate, Slick skidded to a stop in front of a sketchy looking butcher’s shop. Though the sign was disgusting, Slick thought it said The Frumpy Goose. He had no idea how a goose could be frumpy, but there it was. He let his heart rate slow a tad before he pulled his tablet free of its holster and tore through the camera footage to find Major Optimism.

He almost missed the dashing superhero. Well, it’s not that Slick actually found him, but close enough. Given the camera angles in the intersection, Slick narrowed M.O.’s avenues of escape down to a shabby looking alley or a basement hatch off of the very butcher’s shop Slick parked in front of. There also was the corner across from Slick that could be an option, but given the unsavory sorts that had loitered about there for a good long while, he doubted it.

Oh, to stop any confusion on the matter, M.O. is Major Optimism. I just got tired of saying

it.

With only two real options, Slick took a moment to deliberate. Truth be told, he didn’t know enough about good old M.O. to know if he’d prefer a butcher’s shop or a seedy, dark alley. With only some time to lose, Slick jumped from his bike and snuck over to the side of the Frumpy Goose Butchery. He of course took a moment to activate his security measures, but would you expect anything else from Slick the Sly?

Perhaps he’d chosen the wrong avenue of investigation. Given the size of the sedan M.O. drove, Slick didn’t see anywhere he could have gone. To call this space an alley was an honorary it did not deserve. At best, it was a small space between two buildings that overflowed with the refuse of society. Not the homeless, as Slick often referred to them, though there was a suspicious pile in the corner that might or might not be a hobo. It also might or might not be dead. Anyways, trash gathered in the small, concrete space. A chainlink fence, poorly maintained I might add, blocked off what passed for a backyard in the city.

With little else to investigate, Slick stepped towards the trap doors to the basement. They were old and ratty, but the lock seemed solid enough. It was rusty and covered in filth, but beneath that Slick realized it was a pretty sophisticated padlock, as far as such things went. To the average thief, it would be an adequate deterrent. As you might recall, Slick was not average at anything. He was below average on a few of them, but none of those were lockpicking.

He almost did it the old fashioned way. He enjoyed the probe and such as he fiddled with tumblers. It was a relaxing sort of activity, but he didn’t feel it tonight. No, tonight he produced his trusty, patented Lock-Pick-O-Ramatron and got to work. Alright, it wasn’t patented. Slick didn’t believe such things, but it made everything sound so official, I just had to say it. At one end, the device looked like a blank to a key with several slight indentations where the teeth should be. This end he slipped into the padlock. The rest of the machine resembled, well, he held it in his hand and it had a small LCD screen. It looked sleek and high-tech though, and when he pulled the trigger a small whirring emanated from the padlock while little dials twirled on the screen to show the progress his device was making. The whole process was over in about three seconds and the lock clicked open.

Slick hummed to himself as he pocketed his invention and pulled the chain free from the latch open. With a dramatic flourish, he yanked the doors open and slipped down the dark staircase, being careful to shut the doors behind him. Eat step squealed in protest as he inched his way into the darkness. While he preferred to remain undetected, Slick readied himself for fisticuffs, just in case. At last he reached the bottom step and snuck into a medium sized room. As far as Slick could tell, this was the only chamber beneath the butchery. To his right he saw the staircase that led up to the butcher’s shop itself. Everything else was just a mess of crates and barrels.

He could only focus on his surroundings for so long though, because this place was a disaster. First, the floor was caked with dust. Slick swore it was an inch thick, but he might be exaggerating. Cobwebs cluttered the rafters and corners of the room, while moisture dripped in somewhere with a steady plop, plop, plop. Worst of all was the smell. Next to this unheavenly stench, the rest of the room was perfectly in order. It smelled like death, which made sense. It was a butcher’s shop, after all, and the likelihood of some sort of rotting animal carcass residing down here was likely.

In the end, he found nothing of interest and went along his merry way, grateful to at last snap that lock shut on the doors to such a foul and evil place. Disgusted and dismayed, Slick meandered back to his motorcycle. Some fool lay prone beside the vehicle, which bolstered Slick’s mood significantly. With a chuckle he clicked off the security features and mounted the cycle. He had to kick the man’s leg out of the way, which elicited a groan from the individual.

That must mean he was still alive. Or at least, Slick thought so. Truth be told, he didn’t care. He kicked the cycle into gear and tore down the alley across the street.

Despite his best efforts, Slick couldn’t locate any trace of M.O. The man disappeared completely, which was enough to frustrate our daring villain. He searched for a solid hour for any clues, but when he continued to find nothing he called it quits and headed back to his lair. When he pulled in, he was certainly in a sulky mood. Even Regi couldn’t cheer Slick. For his part, Slick turned on the tv and continued to pick away at his project from before. After the confusion and frustrations of the night, he found no joy in his work and so decided to head to bed. He so hated unsolved mysteries, and there was much mystery around this business with Major Optimism.
