Could Slick have been more the opposite of the previous morning, he didn’t know how. Invigorated and full of life, Slick plowed through his early morning routine with reckless abandon. The death robots almost even killed him a time or two, but he escaped unscathed.

Surviving was no big deal, the real trick would be getting the jetpack out of the house unseen. While most of Slick’s activities were best performed nocturnally, this test was something he’d far rather perform in the light of day. Given the clandestine nature of his chosen vocation, he’d rather not do it in the middle of Main City. This meant he’d have to get out to the country, which was not as hard as one might think. His tunnels only ran towards the city center though, so he’d have to smuggle the thing into the Preus and be on his way from there.

Slick agonized over this for so long it was embarrassing. At last he realized he did, in point of fact, have a garage. He felt like a nincompoop for forgetting, but in his defense he never used it. His course decided, Slick lugged the pack up the stairs and into the normal person garage. After a cursory glance, he determined that it was inferior to his lair’s garage, and he did not see the appeal. In fact, there wasn’t a single thing in here, save the heavy layer of dust that had settled with the neglect of the room. Maybe Slick could start parking here, but then he’d have to open the door, and close door. It sounded like much too much trouble.

The jetpack thudded as Slick dropped it by the step to the house. He clicked the button and watched as the garage door lifted all its own. The mechanisms were rudimentary, sure, and Slick could design a better one with little difficulty, but something about it enthralled and excited him. His family had lived in a trailer his whole life. Until he bought this house, he’d only ever lived in apartments and dorm rooms. None of those had garages. Oh, sure he’d designed systems in his tunnel that more or less accomplished the same thing, but better. It wasn’t the same. To stand here and watch those giant sheets of metal laboriously work their way up, it was a magical moment. This was how normal people lived. They had to deal with this every day, and had no idea how horrendous it really was. It was a strange realization that he had never actually seen a garage door in action. How weird was that?

While a part of him realized no one was watching, Slick still dashed stealthily towards the Preus and slipped inside. He pulled into the garage and hopped out. With a grunt and a groan he lugged the pack into the car, covered it with a flannel blanket, then backed carefully out of his garage.

Ok, honestly the jetpack wasn’t that heavy. Slick designed it to be lightweight and portable, but the extra emphasis on the strain of moving it made for more interesting storytelling.

Slick did find one problem with these blasted garage doors. How was one supposed to close them once the car exited? A remote control of some sort would be essential, and he felt that should come standard. As far as he could tell, he had no such remote. He fumed for a moment before his eyes fell on a small box clipped to his sunvisor. There was a button. Slick recalled the day he bought his house, the realtor stood out by her car and tried to hand that box to Slick. She told him what it was, but he didn’t listen. Greg had just walked outside and waved, and Slick had focused all his attention on his nemesis. Since he didn’t respond or take the strange box, the realtor slid it on visor, shook her head, and drove away. Slick had never

devoted much thought to it. It hadn’t been important. Now, he took a chance and clicked the button.

A broad grin burst across his face as the door began to slid back closed. Did he feel like a complete fool? Why yes, yes he did. Did he at all mind that? Nope, not one bit. Slick continued to back out, content in the knowledge that his house was securing itself.

While Slick preferred speed while driving, he decided to take a leisurely approach to today’s trip. He’d like to say it’s because he felt relaxed and at peace, but that would be a lie. In reality, he wished to put off this test for as long as possible. That’s not to say that he didn’t enjoy the calm ride out of the city. While Slick didn’t reside in the suburbs, he was about as close to them as he could come and still be included in Main City proper. It still took a fair bit of time to get beyond civilization, but not so long as it could have and for that he was grateful. Slick felt he would need as much daylight as he could to run the appropriate tests.

At last he saw the houses, gas stations, and fast food joints pass away, and soon he tore down open highway in the middle of corn fields, or wheat fields, or whatever it was they grew out here. The Preus carried him comfortably until he found a nice secluded side road that should work perfectly. He turned off and tucked into a field, the car hidden almost entirely by the tall grass. Anyone on the road should have trouble making out anything in particular.

For the first test, Slick set up in an open area. He strapped the pack down and prepared to power it up remotely. He hadn’t been able to test if the engines even worked in his lab. The space was so confined, he couldn’t bring himself to even consider it. Failure could be catastrophic. So now Slick stood in an open field, his hand poised over a trigger while sweat ran down his nose. With a deep breath, he activated the jetpack.

Blue flames erupted from the engines, frightful but promising. The straps held, despite the force the pack must be exerting on them. That was promising. Slick slowly throttled up the engines to test if they’d get up to max power. He wasn’t able to gauge that this go around, for as the engines hit seventy-five percent, a loud snap burst over the clearing and the jetpack shot into the air.

Slick jumped as his creation rocketed away from the ground and blasted towards space. That was a bit dramatic, but you get the point. Even though Slick was quick to cut the power, he couldn’t stop the pack before it collided with a large object that shot across the sky at exactly that moment. Both the pack and the object, which looked more and more like a man with every second, plummeted to the ground. Each collided with a thud and an explosion of dirt.

Panicked, Slick dashed first to his jetpack. Though it was scuffed and scraped, it had held up remarkably well. It passed the durability test with flying colors, even if Slick hadn’t intended to give it one. Next he felt he should check on the other object. As Slick bounded towards the other crater, he saw that it was, in fact, a man. Gingerly, Slick used his foot to nudge the man until he turned to lie on his back. Once he did, Slick gasped in shock and fear.

Dear goodness gracious, that was Megaton. Slick took an involuntary step back. This was very bad indeed. The super villain still breathed, but he sported a nasty bruise on most of his face. It seemed the jetpack collided with the villain’s head, and it was enough to cause the two of them to drop from the sky like flies. Seeing as Megaton was a durable, superpowered psychopath, Slick wasn’t sure it was a good thing he was still alive. With the power of flight, and super strength, Megaton was one of the strongest villains around. His name came from his strength. He could hit with the force of one million pounds of TnT, or that is to say, a lot. With a temper notoriously short and very, very violent, he was a very dangerous man to be around, and he would not be happy when he woke up. Slick dashed for his car, tossed the jetpack in the passenger seat, and tore out as fast as he could in search of a new testing ground.

He found another adequate site a few miles down the road, and though he was a touch concerned it wasn’t far enough from Megaton, he figured it’d be fine. He could always talk his way out if the villain’s wrath. Megaton was not known for his staggering intellect, after all. Since the jetpack flew without exploding, Slick decided the next phase was human testing. Yes, he was more than a tad apprehensive about it, but he was only going to live once, right? He strode out into the field, a crash helmet under his arm and goggles around his neck. He’d already placed the jetpack a ways out, and he stood for a moment as he worked up the courage to put the thing on.

At length he took a deep breath and stepped forward. He tossed aside the helmet and pulled the jetpack over his head. Thankfully, it used a different mechanism to secure itself to his torso than he’d used during the first test. The metal plates on the front snapped around to the back, and the whole thing fit rather well.

He took several minutes to move around. The jetpack was heavy, of course, but not unmanageably so. He’d designed most of the chassis from a system of small plates and a flexible lining, which meant parts like the shoulder pads and front torso allowed for some movement. The back was more rigid, but there was little to be done about that. Slick smiled when he realized he was a bit like a turtle. Reginald would be pleased.

Originally, Slick wanted to make the jetpack shoulder mounted, but it became apparent early on that those two thrusters were inadequate to generate the lift required. He had to extend the pack down to just above his waist and the front down past his belly button. He had to admit it was a good call. The pack fit great. When he had a moment he’d have to paint it black, but for now he was content with the dull, unfinished metal look.

As to how it worked, I really can’t say. Apparently it contained a solid fuel cell of his own design, long lasting and high powered. The pack compressed in air and ignited it, funnelling the resulting flames into the nozzles on the back. Beyond that, I have no idea. Even that is beyond my comprehension. I’m a narrator, not a rocket scientist. Suffice it to say, the jetpack worked. At least, Slick hoped it would work. Sure, it carried itself up with little difficulty, but Slick was a lot if weight to throw into the equation, and he had little interest in kicking off at the moment. He stalled as long as he could, and then took a gargantuan breath and powered on the jetpack.

Everything went smooth so far. The pack kicked to life and began to cycle air through the vents. Slick reached back and flipped a switch. He winced as the neural interlink pierced his skin. It didn’t have to go deep into his neck, but the sensation was still somewhat uncomfortable. This part of the design gave him the greatest concern. Yes, Slick did have old fashioned controls for the jetpack, but those were just a failsafe. His vision was a jetpack that he controlled with a combination of brainwaves and body movements. That was what he built, or at least he thought as much. He was about to find out for sure.

Slick looked up and drooped his shoulders. Combined with the gentle mental prompt for acceleration, that should be all he needed to lift off. He did hear some combustion going on in the pack, but aside from some slight pressure, he didn’t notice anything different. Perhaps a gentle prompt was not enough. Slick willed the pack to go faster, push harder. Alright, that sounded worse than it was. The jetpack didn’t quite work like that, but it’s the best I could do. Semantics aside, it worked. The jetpack roared to life and Slick soared into the air. He even managed to travel in a straight line for all of three seconds before his flight became erratic and downright dangerous. It took him a few moments to realize what was wrong. Nothing was wrong. The pack worked just as Slick had designed it. The issues resided in his concept for the machine.

Body movements worked just as well as Slick thought they should. With each twitch of

his shoulder or torso, the pack reacted wonderfully. In fact, in that regard it was quite intuitive. Already Slick felt like the jetpack was an extension of his body, which was the whole point. Each movement repositioned the jets as well as readjusted the nozzles. It was a mechanical work of art. His problem came from the blasted neural uplink.

In all fairness, Slick hadn’t expected it to work that well. For months now he’d experimented with brainwaves and how they interact with machines. There was a lot of progress left to be made. It wasn’t that his tech didn’t work, but it proved impossible thus far to control it. There was no good gauge for what it would take to set the thing off, and so Slick found he either had no throttle or full throttle, hard bank or straight line. It was frustrating, but he gave it a few more minutes to see if he could find a way to control the crazy contraption. When he almost killed himself for the third time, Slick deactivating the neural uplink and went to manual controls. He settled down quite nicely after that. Though he felt himself to be a man of great fortitude, he required about fifteen minutes to get his heart back under control. With all that he’d done in his life, Slick had never experienced such fear and anxiety as he did the past few minutes. Still, it would take more than one bad experience to dissuade Slick from further forays into the realm of jetpacking. He just needed to keep a firm hand on the reins.

Once again he readied himself and shot off into the blue. Now that he had the controls in hand, he found the jetpack quite a joy to ride. As he weaved through the air, he could see how the gesture controls could meld quite nicely into the manual ones. Excited as he was to fly above the earth, he couldn’t wait to get back to the lair and tinker some more. It’s not like anything else was going to happen to liven up the evening.

Slick meandered back to the Preus, hitting the ground fifty feet away. It wasn’t a bad landing, but he could do better. Next time, he would. It only took a few minutes to get the pack situated in the trunk and away he went. Much of the day had drifted away, and the sun was well past its zenith as he careened down the highway towards Main City. Traffic was light this time of day, at least in his direction. The other side of the road didn’t move an inch in the time that Slick zoomed past. He pitied all those poor, working stiffs. How did they do it? He’d never know. At least it made for easier driving tonight. That he could appreciate.

The sun had nearly set when Slick pulled into his driveway. With a goofy grin, he pressed his garage door opener and slid into the garage. He might even live dangerously and keep the Preus there all night. What a strange thing that would be. At any rate, Slick jumped from his car and dashed towards the mailbox. He hadn’t checked it in three days, so surely there must be something in there. Sure enough, Slick pulled out a heap of junk mail. His trip back to the garage was slow as he sifted through the assorted garbage that the postal system had seen fit to deliver. Why did they never lose this stuff, but often lost packages and letters Slick anxiously awaited? It was just one more thing he’d never understand.

“Hey there, Mik!” Greg called from his own mailbox. Slick looked up, a touch dazed.

Once again he wasn’t paying attention. He needed to work on that.

“What? Oh, yes, hello Greg,” Slick replied.

“What’ve you been up to today?” Greg was equally distracted by his own pile of junk mail, and Slick found the coincidence amusing.

“Oh, just whizzing about here and there. You know, normal things,” Slick replied with a gleeful chuckle. It was almost a giggle. He really enjoyed his cleverness too much. “Cryptic. At least you didn’t have to work today. Oh, mine was a terrible day,” Greg moaned.

Slick looked up from the travails of his junk mail. Greg’s professional field was one that immensely interested Slick. “That so? What happened?”

Greg shook his head. “You don’t want to know. Someone got in past one of my client’s security system.” Greg then launched into an onslaught of highly technical jargon that I cannot even hope to comprehend. Are those even words? Slick did understand them, so bully for him. He kept up without a single beat missed, and when Greg asked, “Sorry, I’m probably getting way too technical for you. Bad habit,” Slick laughed.

“I’ve followed your every word, Greg. It’s most interesting.” Shocked, Greg took a moment to find his voice.

“Well, that’s a surprise,” he uttered at last. “I don’t often find people I can talk to in depth

like this.”

“Oh, please, fire away,” Slick replied with an inviting sweep of his hand. Greg did. It was terribly difficult for me to follow, I’ll have you know. Yada, yada, I’m smarter than you, Mr. Narrator, more technical speak. Who came up with these words and abbreviations? They needed to get out of the house more often. Slick did interrupt Greg’s prattle every so often to chime in with some insight or advice. For his part, Greg seemed quite impressed with and appreciative of Slick’s input. They kept on like that until the sun had set and they found it time to part ways, each to his own house.

Thank all that is good for that.

Slick snatched the jetpack from the car and scurried down to his lair. Oh, snatched is a good one. I don’t believe I’ve used that one before. I like it. Anyways, once settled at his desk, he went to town on the machine to incorporate the manual controls with the Movement Sensitive Adjustment Matrix. Slick scribbled out that name the moment he wrote it down. It really was no good.

Sometime in the night Slick began to feel a touch uneasy about his burgeoning relationship with Greg. It occured to him that he began to regard the man with something not unlike affection. If he wasn’t careful, Greg would soon become a friend, and that would never do. Slick had far too few nemeses to risk losing Greg as one. There was only one choice left to him. Slick had to purge his heart of this weakness and plan up something real good to mess with Greg. Oh the horrors Slick would inflict upon his unsuspecting neighbor. He was just giddy with anticipation.

The night passed in this manner as Slick bounced between projects, his mind so busy that he couldn’t bear to concentrate on any one task. Reginald tried to keep up for a time, but gave up and snoozed in a corner. Slick had four different televisions set to four different channels at four unique stations. He liked the background noise. It’s like there was a part of his brain that had to be distracted, or else it would interfere with his productivity.

Now that his earlier melancholy was behind him, Slick found himself happier than he could believe. It helped that his hands were busy. Though quite the intellectual, Slick was happiest when doing good, honest labor. The monotony of the work relaxed him in a way few other things could.

That’s how he ended up in the garage--that is, the lair’s garage--at work on the Delage again. He hadn’t seen the needed parts yet, but there was still plenty to do. Day to day maintenance, tune ups, installing that hot cocoa maker he’d always wanted. The options were endless. So busy was he, that Slick didn’t even wear a cape.

As you can see, Slick was happy as a puma in a, uh, well, whatever places would make pumas happy I guess. One could even understand the level of both panic and annoyance he felt when the red sirens began to sound all over the basement lair.