# Chapter 1: Slick Work

Wolfgang Mikael Engleman[^1], known more commonly to himself as The Devious Slick the Sly, was a downright genius. He was a clerk in a bookstore—which was not why he was a genius—called The Bookshelf. While once a local, charming chain, it had, like most good local things, wound up consumed by a soulless corporation and stripped of its charm. Nevertheless, it sold an unbelievable number of books nationwide, despite employees drained of motivation and indifferent to standards. In short, Slick could do as he pleased, which suited him perfectly.

For instance, he was now elbows deep in the espresso machine of Rusty Muggs. A tragic name for a café, true, but it was what he had to work with as he indulged in one single evil chuckle at his ingenuity. The store would open in an hour, and the barista would be here to prep in twenty minutes. Well, thirty-five because Herbert was habitually fifteen minutes late for everything, including his wedding, or so Slick had heard. Still, best to count on solid fact and not conjecture.

Part of Slick’s mind wandered, but the other was in high focus. Wires snapped into place in his vision, each component giving an impression as clear as a digital read out or heads up display. Temperatures, resistances, thermal loads, currents, and stress levels burst to life in his intuition, a beautiful cacophony of possibilities. He attached the small circuit board that would be the crux of his plan, seeing the pathways to his end goal as clear as the wires themselves. Nimble fingers soon tightened the final screws, secured the outer panel, and hid all evidence of his mischief. Slick was skulking near the bibles by the time Herbert arrived to open. Dodged small talk was always a victory in Slick’s eyes.

Villains of Slick’s caliber must always remember to mind their environment. Smug as he was with his masterful plot execution, he nearly entered Chuck’s eye-line. Such grave an error required rapid course correction, so Slick slunk into the romance section and ducked low to avoid unwanted strife. Not on this, his day of glorious triumph.

“Who’s seen Mic? He’s supposed to be here already.” Always meddling questions with Chuck. Sure, he was Slick’s “supervisor,” but that was in name only. The only thing the Neanderthal supervised were his failed attempts to “get in the pants of”—his words, not Slick’s—any female that entered the store. He was a womanizing, self centered cliché of a man. Athletic, brown hair styled like the typical jock, and a regrettable face that admittedly worked well on the ladies, he was the sort that Slick knew too many of. Even his one-size-too-small clothes lacked creative expression.

“I saw him a minute ago. He clocked in then twirled his cape and ran off into the store somewhere.” Mina replied.

Behind just that cape Slick hid, the black fabric pulled over his face draped over his forearm as he poked his head up over *Love Never Shrinks* and *Yes, I’ll Have the Stallion* to examine the customer satisfaction desk, where Chuck and Mina chatted.

“Better show himself soon,” Chuck scoffed, “or else. Hey, Mina, whatcha doing tonight?”

That was the cue to ignore the rest of that conversation. Safe behind the reactive camouflage of his cloak, a simple array of fabric semi-conductors with integrated holographic modules he whipped up, his attention shifted to the angelic entrance of Fiona, whose curled blond locks bounced perfectly with each step. Cash tray in hand, Slick marveled at her grace and poise. Something as simple as preparing her till became a masterclass in beauty.

“Mic, your freaky wizard’s cape gives me the willies. Turn it off.” Chuck’s rude yet lazy voice cut into an otherwise perfect if admittedly obsessive observation of the woman who one day would be Slick’s wife. How annoying.

Slick deactivated his cloak and sighed, remembering he didn’t cover his face as he cast a withering glance at Chuck.

“Price check the cookbooks, man, and tone it down before you scare off the ladies.” What did Chuck know? Slick was a delight. His friend Reginald certainly thought so. At least the cookbooks were near Rusty Muggs and, therefore, his plot’s final execution.

As Chuck strolled away to do whatever it was Chuck did, Slick sprinted to the cookbooks, pretending to work as he gazed carefully through to gaps, waiting for the inevitable arrival of Mrs. Jordanna Johannson and her equally inevitable gooey mocha whizbang. Always first to arrive, she required an extremely specific combination of modifications, most importantly  the cocoa sludge heated to 177 degrees.

After Mrs. Johannson’s arrival, Mr. Klarkson would soon stroll in for his simple six shot latte with significantly higher temperature requirements. Slick supposed the man enjoyed the taste of “burnt.” The two would sit and chat for a few moments before headed off to work, their snide judgement of quite literally everyone and everything as essential to their day as the coffees or air. Most importantly, they always, without variance or exception, arrived as the first and second customer of every weekday, and always in that order. It was an immutable fact, as far as realistic concerns were concerned, and formed the baseline for his plans today.

Those were simple enough and came down to nine elegant steps.

1.        Negate the boiler regulator and install custom regulation chip, to be reverted after the first drink of the day. Check.

2.         Herbert begins on Mrs. Johansson’s custom drink.

3.        Boiler overheats, reaction buffered by the cocoa sludge.

4.        Milk foam explodes out of the container, soiling her sweater, non-damaging but certainly deserved. She’s a peach that one.

5.        Fiona, kindhearted angel she is, rushes over from the nearby register to assist. Herbert will not, because he’s useless.

6.        Slick appears with custom, high quality microfiber towel and spot remover, which he happens to have on him.

7.        Fiona and Slick’s hands graze, creating an intimate moment of eternal connection.

8.        They date.

9.        They live happily every after. Marriage, children, etc etc.

It was guaranteed to work. In 10.7 seconds, the store would open and the plan would be off without a hitch. He was exceptionally good at this, after all. The moment came, the door opened, and in walked Mr. Klarkson to order his daily drink.

Wait.

Klarkson?

“No Mrs. Johansson today?” Herbert asked with evident relief.

“Home sick today. Nasty virus going around. My usual, Herbert.” Mr. Klarkson replied with his trademark, subtle sneer.

Oh no.

Herbert began his drink, placing Mr. Klarkson’s stainless steel travel mug on the tray to accept the espresso shots.

No, no, no!

Slick began to move, but he could already see it was too late. Klarkson’s drink, with its higher temperature and simpler build, would lead to a catastrophic boiler overload. It needed the chocolate to absorb some of the temperature! Slick saw it begin to happen as Herbert turned towards the storefront windows, overlooking the busy street of Main City early morning rush hour. As the machine began to expand from the pressure, Mr. Klarkson dashed to the window as a giant, half bird-half man crashed down onto Klarkson’s hatchback. Glass exploded from the vehicle as pedestrians scurried to avoid injury.

With timing so immaculate Slick couldn’t have planned it better, the espresso machine exploded when the fowl mastermind careened into the car. No one heard it while flames billowed out of the bean hopper. Mr. Klarkson’s mug shot away, smashing Herbert in the back of the head. As he flopped to the ground, Slick arrived at the scene that was to be his crowning achievement. He could tell that the waste left by the patented cocoa sludge—clearly not cleaned out the previous night per corporate regulations—must have overflown onto the superheated boiler. The low ignition point caused the initial flames as the highly flammable waste spilled into the steam jet, blowing out through the bean hopper. Oil from the beans ignited, melting the plastic container as the flaming steam jet shot fiery Java beans away from the catastrophically failed device.

Slick barely registered as Champion, golden boy of Main City, the honest and the true, landed heavily on the hood in front of the bird villain, Nevermoore, the once famous tech tycoon Jacob Moore who went looney and spliced his DNA with a raven’s. Windows rattled from the shockwave of the impact while Mr. Klarkson let out an indescribable squeak of despair at the state of his car.

Slick grabbed a wet towel and swatted frantically at the fire, too distracted by his stolen glances at the street scene to register he was only sending more inferno beans flying. Champion, in his pristine blue and gold armor with piercing blue eyes to match, stood, his lustrous black hair blowing in the breeze despite the ridiculous pony-bun he’d pulled it into, the words “Be the Cha-“ barely legible on the hair band.  

Still, Slick spent an embarrassing amount of time trying to figure out what “Be the Cha-“  meant. Thankfully, the espresso machine erupted with a larger pillar of flames and shook him from his idiocy in time to notice his towel was now on fire. This could work, though. Surely someone would see him heroically fight this inferno, and Fiona would be suitably impressed. No one had to know he started it. It’s not like the cameras worked in this dump. This was a better meet cute than his original plan! 

As Nevermoore beat his wings and lifted off the car, Slick chucked the immolated dish towel onto the rest of the fire and dove below the sink to find the fire extinguisher. Champion snagged Nevermoore’s foot with a mighty fist and hurled the villain towards The Bookshelf, sending a violent, thundering thud through the entire store as the massive bird cracked into the brickwork. 

Slick popped his head above the counter to see what the blazes those fools were up to, one hand still blindly groping for the extinguisher. Webbed cracks exploded through the large window from Nevermoore’s impact, spectators rushed away to avoid imminent injury and Slick stood  triumphantly with the extinguisher as Nevermoore let out a screech and shot towards Champion, talons outstretched. 

With a flourish, Slick pulled the pin and tossed it aside as he jumped to the counter beside the espresso machine.  On the street, Nevermoore clenched a bony fist on Champion’s chest, talons emitting a heinous screech against the metal armor. Champion, with no evident damage from the dagger sharp talons, pushed the villain off of him. Anger laced the ear-splitting screech the villain released as Slick opened up with the extinguisher, the hiss of the suppressant an interesting counterpoint to Nevermoore's wretched cawing. 

Slick moved the extinguisher with practiced precision, realizing that heroics were more difficult with the distractions out on the street. Still he watched as Nevermoore swung his wing into Champion’s face with an anxiety inducing thud and sent him reeling to the pavement. Champion was highly durable, but immune to physics he was not. Still, this will make the news, and everyone in the city will swoon. Disgusting. Champion could get punched through a car and still be adored.

Superhuman strength fueled Nevermoore as he strode forward to wail on Champion while he was down, each blow releasing a solid, percussive note. Slick found himself timing releases on the extinguishers to the beat laid out on the street, the synchronization inexplicably frustrating to him. 

Champion was built for such beatings, and after a moment to regroup, he kicked Nevermoore square in the chest and sent him sideways into Mr. Klarkson’s car once more. Somehow, glass had survived the earlier abuse to now shatter and grind into the pavement as the steel body bent around the impact.

Slick lost focus on the streets as the flames threatened to return with a vengeance. With tightened focus, Slick aimed the extinguisher at the hot spots flickering across his vision, zeroing in on the nexus of flames until they reduced under the fine white powder of the extinguisher. He had won his day, and had a prize to claim. With a dramatic flourish, he chucked the spent extinguisher and held his arms wide, ready to accept his well earned accolades and Fiona’s admiration.

Not one soul had seen a thing. Every eye in the store and on the street, glued to Champion and Nevermoore as the villain took to the sky in retreat, Champion following with a mighty leap that left behind cracked asphalt. The collided in the air and out of sight, content to continue this battle for a fresh audience.

Slick sighed and hopped off the counter, dejected as the denizens of the store slowly turned away. Fiona stared in bafflement at the Rusty Muggs, and the wreckage therein.

“What,” she began, “happened here?” Her voice, a fantastic trill to Slick’s ear, betrayed her confusion. No one could answer her question.

Gwyn grinned and shoved a playful elbow into Fiona’s side. “Bet you it was Champion, swooping in and blowing it out like a birthday cake. Bet you wish he’d stuck around for a proper thank you.” Her tone, mischievous and provocative, laid bare her intention even for Slick, who often struggled with such things.

Fiona gave a bashful laugh before she could reply. “Maybe, Gwyn, maybe.” And the two giggled as they worked their way to the registers. Fiona paused as she passed Slick, gave a quick smile, and said, “Morning Mic.”

Fresh on the heels of his foiled plan, Slick panicked. This was not how their first moment should be! It should be euphoric, undeniable. Fate should align. It must, yes? His eyes, wide and hysterical, locked on hers for just the slightest of moments. Our dastardly villain did the only sensible thing at this point. He gave a weak yelp, pulled his cape over his face, and darted away as quickly as he could. She hadn’t noticed him, right? Surely not. Everything was fine. Fiona went back to her register and Gwyn went to check on Herbert, since people were starting to realize he had a head wound. 

Unable to fool even himself, he hid in a dark corner of the stockroom for the rest of his shift and tried not to let the embarrassment of this day completely consume him. [^2]

  

  

[^1]: Yes, yes, it’s a fine name for a composer. Or a pet. For me, it was the first of many lessons in what others will do when you let them decide who you are.

[^2]: Oh believe me, I am more than aware how much this was not my finest moment. Let’s move on. And Herbert was fine. He got some days off, pitched a business idea for barista protective equipment on Lion’s Cage, sold and retired in the country with his wife and five kids. Worry about me, please.
