# Chapter 2: Failure’s Flight

By 3:30, the morning crew had cycled and it was safe for Slick to creep from his hiding spot. He managed the whole shift in hiding. Chuck came to find him once, but slick buried himself in his cape and activated the camouflage to escape unnoticed. 

The Bookshelf bustled as Slick strolled into the main store, shoppers picking through the books, toys, and games in preparation for the upcoming holiday season. Though a few months away, traditionally shopping began just as summer transitioned to fall. 

Slick passed unnoticed, common for him, until he left the store, pausing only to glance over at the roped off, charred remains of the Rusty Muggs espresso machine. With a sad shake of his head, he started down the street towards the parking garage. Little evidence remained of the super clash this morning. Clean up crews were quick when superheroes and villains cycled through destruction as often as they did, and frankly it was one of the most secure industries in the city. 

Finding his vehicle was rote at this point. He arrived early enough in the morning that he almost always got the same parking space on the second floor. His green Preus sat waiting, just as he’d left it. He slid in and idly examined the parking stub he’d chucked on the dashboard that morning. A twenty five percent price increase, cited for “rising insurance costs?” Prices in this city fluctuated day by day sometimes. Outrageous. 

Pedal hit metal, and Slick tore from the parking space, achieving speeds and handling no Preus had ever experienced. Many considered the vehicle a hobbyists electric car, lacking power, utility, and style. Slick would generally agree, and in fact picked it for its nondescript design. 

Slick couldn’t argue the other points. It was a slow, weak car, but there was the philosophical question that he enjoyed; with all the modifications he made, could you even call it a Preus anymore? Optimized batteries, vamped up motor, solar conducting paint array, and a mouthful of other modifications and gadgets truly set it apart as one of a kind. Slick liked speed as well as invisibility, and this car accomplished both. 

He slowed only to pay the parking and speed down the street, resisting the urge to zoom in and out of the plodding Main City downtown traffic. Given today’s disappointments, he wasn’t in the spirit for a good cop chase. Instead, he took in the sights. 

His hometown of Tinytown hadn’t prepared him for moving to Main City after high school. Massive and old, the city has a soul that transcended the history he found in the small, farming town he’d grown up in only three hours away. Main City saw wars, famine, fires, unrest, riots, and still stood strong on the intersection of the Hopitawa and Alabaster rivers. Superheroes blasted holes through walls. Supervillains stole the tops of towers. Main City possessed an antique charm that couldn’t be built or planned. 

Across the Alabaster sat Twin City, a supposedly newer and better version of Main City, which was visible as Slick crossed the East Bridge. Some liked it, but it began in the 80’s as a direct rival to Main City, at the time still called Maintabba City. A native word meaning roughly “land of a thousand rivers,” Slick was glad the voted to shorten it to Main City. He found it offensive to reference a thousand rivers when he could quite clearly count only two. 

Slick no longer lived in the city proper, though he had truly adored his time in his first crummy little apartment. Instead, he had a nice place in Ascendance Hills, a ritzy neighborhood about 45 minutes from downtown, less if traffic cooperated. It never did. 

A land of tech tycoons and celebrities, the houses were humongous and elaborate beyond any practical necessity, especially on the new side. Lawns trimmed to perfection,  trees pruned to look like all sorts of strange things, even their owners, each home displayed the wanton and unnecessary side of wealth. Slick bought on the old side, where the homes had some age and were mini-mansions rather than, well, mansions.  

The Preus zipped into his driveway, coming to a stop on the pad beside the four car garage. He didn’t use the garage on account of the mid scale manufacturing running 24/7 in there. A man had to buy a mini-mansion, after all, and the Bookshelf sure didn’t pay enough to support this place. 

With a sigh, he stepped out of his car, cape draped over his arm as he stretched and released the stress of the day. It hadn’t been a good one, and he was still a touch pouty, but he’d pull through soon. Once he got inside and got to work, he’d find distractions to keep his spirits up. 

“Afternoon neighbor!” 

Gregory Ryan Wyatt. His chipper voice was not needed right now. Slick turned, slow and deliberate until his gaze bored into his neighbor. His withering glare took the man in, though it didn’t seem to phase the man as Greg returned Slick’s scrutiny with his dull blue eyes twinkling with an allegedly warm smile. 

Slick and Greg went to high school together. The star quarterback, class president, and prom king, Greg had bold, chiseled features and an amiable aura to him. He’d pulled his jet black hair into a pony tail, the tip tucked back into a band that read “the Change!”to form a wretched pony-bun. Bah, of course Greg was a Champion fanboy. Probably saw that hairstyle on the news this morning and rushed out to copy it post haste!

“Rough day?” Greg asked, slipping his opening shears into his back pocket. He’d been trimming the flower bushes on the front of his house, probably beginning prep for the colder seasons. 

“I’m fine,” Slick snapped, a touch too quickly. They were playing cat and mouse, and he was letting his emotions get the better of him. “Don’t you work?”

Greg founded and still ran AspirTech, the leading cyber security company on the world. They were good, even Slick had to admit. 

“Had a crisis to deal with in the morning. Decided to take the afternoon and relax a bit, get back to it one hundred percent tomorrow, ya know?” Greg leaned against the waist-high fence that separated their properties, chatting like they were old friends. An accomplished player, that Greg. Not once did he ever acknowledge that the were, in fact, nemeses. 

But Greg was Slick’s nemesis, and he never forgot it in these little verbal spars when Greg would pretend to be a caring neighbor. 

“Yes,” Slick replied, slowly stepping away towards his front door. He didn’t know what else to say. 

Greg, ever the cunning adversary, merely waved and said, “see ya later.”

Slick retired with a hasty, “ not if I see you first!” and gave a good evil chuckle as he reached his door and went inside, anxious to get to his *real* work. 

