# Chapter 3: Lair-ed Harmony

With his Nemesis firmly in the rear, Slick gave only one last look through the closing door as Greg waved with a smile. The man never missed a beat and took every opportunity to play the part of friendly neighbor. He should get some award for his performance.

Slick rolled his eyes and plopped against the door, shaking his head as he caught Reginald’s gaze. 

“Don’t look at me like that, Reg,” Slick snapped. “He started it with his good neighbor act. After the day I’ve had,” Slick trailed off as Reginald blinked. 

“No, Reginald,” Slick sighed, “it did *not* go well.” His gaze found his feet for an uncomfortable moment until Reginald cocked his head and clicked his beak. Slick raised his voice in retort, “I don’t wish to discuss it!” He stormed past, only to stop and return to bend and pat the turtle on the shell. “Sorry, old friend. Utter catastrophe of a day. The whole plan went off the rails from the get-go. Mrs. Johansson home sick with the flu! People just aren’t reliable.” Were they ever?

Slick mentally calibrated good evening plans as he pulled the prepared meal from the freezer and tossed it in the oven. Who needed espresso machines when you had a line of industrial printers, power harvesting readouts, and trend examinations to lose yourself in? He heard Reginald’s stately plod as he followed, a panacea for his day’s stresses. 

That, of course, lasted roughly 3 seconds. 

Slick’s home was a beautifully restored mansion, impeccably furnished, and roughly 17.64% utilized. He’d gotten a good deal on it after some musician—the former owner—went bust, threw a rager, and ended up in jail while the bank repossessed the home. It still reeked of stale beer and caviar when Slick bought the place. An expansive restoration finally resolved that abominable smell, and Slick got to the real work. 

The home hummed in layered harmony now, the heart song of his lair. Slick felt it through the floorboards, inhumanly stable. A slight warble in the music meant he’d be running diagnostics tonight, which filled the 8:30-9:15 gap he’d been worried about. Probably a hydraulic line from pylon c, which he’d flagged for observation three nights ago. 

Routine overtook reality and the day’s stresses began, for the moment, to fade. He brushed past Reginald, who’d nearly made it to the kitchen, and pushed through to the Floor. 

 Slick’s realtor hadn’t thought to upsell the four car garage with extra workshop space, but it was one of a few factors that clinched the deal. The epoxy floors and bespoke storage racks gave way to a series of clean manufacturing rooms, each held at ideal environmental conditions thanks to a robust climate control system. 

Drones zipped overhead as Slick patrolled his route, eyeing status screens outside each clean room. The commercial print line hummed rhythmically as it pumped out the actuators and drone parts he was known for. Of course, he sold only several generations behind his current models. He kept the best for himself. In bay two was the recent addition, a robotic microchip arm to keep his circuit board needs in house. It moved in smooth yet erratic motions, placing microscopic components with exact precision that gave Slick goosebumps. 

 Bay three shrieked as the CNC bridge mill tore into a significant block of aluminum, audible even behind the soundproofing.  The autoclave lay dormant beside the raging beast, not needed until Slick wrecked either vehicle or had need of carbon fiber plating for another project. 
 
Slick nodded, satisfied with his operations as he continued across the open floor of bay four, arguably his most important. He tossed his cape on a coat rack, to be collected by the maid later and placed his hand against an innocuous piece of wall. A door slid inward to reveal a lift, which Slick gratefully boarded. 

He then, of course, rushed out and across The Floor to get his dinner, which was about four and a half minutes overcooked. Now he entered the lift and began his descent. 

Deeper than the average basement, Slick stretched as anticipation grew to return to The Lair. The door opened with a ding, as all self-respecting elevators must, and he strode past the industrial loft that handled large transport from bay four to The Lair. The harmonic counterpoint from above cascaded around him, not so loud as to be irritating or dangerous, but noticeable and perfect in its clarity. The flywheel silo was hard at work keeping Slick’s dreams powered, storing and releasing energy as The Lair demanded. 

Before he could dig in to dinner, however, any trip to The Lair demanded proper attire. He set his dish on his workstation and went to his ready room, where he stripped before the full length mirror and eyed himself for a brief moment. Slick was not a large man, though stood at the upper end of average on his height. His build, always slight, nevertheless was toned and healthy, thanks to the time Slick dedicated to personal fitness. His skin was pale, quite so given his propensity for hiding in underground bunkers. 

Common, brown eyes looked himself over, pointedly *not* comparing himself to the likes of Greg, who was a veritable god of a man. Still, Slick did play with what he had. 

He ran a hand through his brown hair, kept slicked back to the nape of his neck as he used his other hand to curl the edges of his fine handlebar mustache. The thin soul patch completed a goatee that Slick relished as a staple of classic villainy. 

Satisfied with his person, he pulled on the silken black long sleeve button up with a shiver as the smooth fabric slithered over his skin. Next came the grey and black pinstriped trousers and pointed dress shoes, black of course. Tonight was no night for the hat or cape, so he returned to eat dinner while digging into the data waiting for him at his workstation. 

Workstation, perhaps, failed to capture the intricacy of Slick’s command center. Images flickered along a wall of glass and steel, video feeds that cut at odd intervals to new views. Each sector was calibrated to Slick’s specifications, the news block lingering for a few seconds while the social media scrapers whirred by like hornets. Other monitors streamed raw data in simple consoles. Erratic and discordant, it seemed at odds with the orderly state of The Lair. 

Above these screens though, faint lines and waves popped into existence, seeming to connect various data points as they blew by. Mechanical systems were strongest for Slick’s senses. They dealt in more concrete measures, things that could be measured and quickly understood, that rarely deviated from expected behavior. They sang bold and proud, but he wasn’t limited to them. After all, what were people but systems? Economics, politics, entertainment, crime, they all worked together to build society, and Slick could see connections there too. But people changed, acted outside of expected patterns in response to factors that he couldn’t always predict as accurately as he wished. They were a muddled layering of melodies, often fighting for supremacy. So as he went about his work, he waited for one to sing loudest. Those he would zero in on and pay attention to. 

Slim fingers darted over his keyboard, examining the warble he still heard in the The Lair’s heartbeat. It was harder to hear now. Rush hour was in full swing, and the silos whirred in exuberance as the power spike spun the flywheels to their fullest. Slick eyed the data stream representing the Floor, satisfied that they’d properly kicked into high production mode as he continued to navigate the digital map of his power system. 

Twofold, he found that Main City had waste energy enough to power The Lair and far more. The true crime would be to let it fade, though city inspectors didn’t agree in the off chance they stumbled upon one of his modifications to city infrastructure. Short-sighted fools. 

For his basic needs, he’d installed seismic inductors on the nearby South Maintabba Water Treatment Plant. The steady rumble of the heavy pumps and machinery, running 24/7, triggered the inductors which pushed the mechanical energy through optimized hydraulic lines back to The Lair through the tunnel networks and dumped it into the Silo’s flywheel farm. That kinetic energy could easily be converted to the power Slick needed to support his endeavors. 

That only covered the basics, unfortunately, and he’d quickly had to expand his network. He turned his eye to the nearby I-32, a raised highway that passed near Ascendence Hills. By installing a similar system on a pylon, he could harvest mechanical energy as cars and trucks roared past. He’d recently expanded to a fourth pylon, though the issue seemed to live in pylon c. As he delved into camera feeds and data streams, a quiet dinging announced Reginald approaching. 

Down the glass shaft at the far left of his desk, a small lift descended. Reginald, clearly visible as he blinked around The Lair, assessed it as only he could. Likely he commented on the dark black/gray color palette and lack of greens to nibble on. Slick should put a secondary habitat down here for the late nights, a little home away from Reginald’s main habitat upstairs. It went on the project list. 

The platform hit the bottom and the gate swung open. Reginald took slow steps out, his yellow skin streaked with black lines shifting beneath the ever-changing light of the command center displays. The turtle turned a red eye to Slick, who shoved a fork full of something vaguely reminiscent of mac and cheese into his mouth. 

“What?” Slick protested around his bite. “You were taking your sweet time.” He pushed the little dish he’d brought for Reginald towards his friend, filled with squash and feed crickets. “Eat up, friend.” Reginald plodded over and settled down to his meal, the two eating in companionable silence as Slick went about his work. 

Pylon c had a leak in its hydraulic return line. Easy to spot, simple to fix. Slick had a drone fleet for such things, after all, so he sent them to work. Within the hour, they were done and sweet harmony returned, not a warble in sight. Satisfied, he turned his mind to the Fiona problem, but nothing found purchase in his mind. That was a sleep-on-it problem, most likely. He was back to square one, possibly less given his earlier near miss with her. 

As he leaned back in his chair, staring past Reginald who’d pulled into his shell and now peered out at the scene, Slick jolted. A quick visual scan showed all was well in The Lair. He turned his attention to the monitors as his brain attempted to parse the source of the upset. 

A feeling. That’s what it’d been, like a bright red sine wave connecting multiple monitors at once. He flicked back through various monitor histories, attempting to piece together the puzzle that had brought that intense sense of connection. Nothing worked. A hero press tour. A municipal bond proposal. A zoning dispute. A museum gala. A water contract. An insurance ad. Oh, there were subtle connections, small things, but nothing close to the connection he swore he felt. 

Likely he was tired. What a stressful day he’d had! No doubt he imagined it. There was no data to indicate anything to the contrary. He convinced himself that all was well, removed his uniform, went upstairs, and found his bed. 

All night, a red sine wave traced the dark behind his eyes.