# Chapter 4: Plot a Course
 “Mik, man, you’ve had seven customer complaints in 45 minutes,” Chuck stated. “Not cool. Can you, like, chill?” Slick snarled at him and sunk lower into his spinning chair. Unsure what to do with this, Chuck backed away, offered a quick, “Good talk, man,” and scurried away.  
 
 A dreadful day had given way to a dreadful night, red blazing across Slick’s vision even as he awoke. Something was *wrong*, something he’d missed. Of course he was frustrated. Ill tempered, even. 

His poor humor soured when Wilhelmina slid into the chair beside him, inexplicable given that the schedule had her on register all shift. “You’re in a mood,” she observed as she pulled out her phone and slouched into the chair. Slick shot a withering look to the young woman as they settled into a confusing silence. She idly picked at a piece of tape stuck to the desk in a relaxed show of disinterest. Her dark skin caught the light in a fascinating way that Slick refused to be distracted by right this second. Such rabbit holes had no place in his brooding. 

Chuck approached again, and Slick prepared his best moody snarl. It proved unnecessary, since the “supervisor” was not here for him. “Hey, Mina, the registers are swamped, and since you’re—“

“My name is Wilhelmina, Charles,” she interrupted, her voice calmly matter of fact. “Please refrain from forgetting syllables.”

“Uh,” Chuck began, voice uncertain, “Charles is my dad, ya know? Anyways, Wilhelmina, the registers—“

“I know Gwynn’s up there,” Wilhelmina interjected once more, “and I bet she’d appreciate someone big and strong to save the day. I’m doing you a favor by sitting here.”

Chuck didn’t seem to know what to make of that. Then the upside of running registers with Gwynn finally clicked. “Yeah. I bet she’d like that.” He sauntered up to the front of the store, earlier doubt erased. 

Slick glanced at Wilhelmina, who merely shrugged and reached into her hoodie pocket and fiddled with something. She raised a brow at him when she noticed Slick’s attention, and he abruptly turned his gaze to the screen saver—the Book Shelf logo bouncing around a black screen—and blushed. 

“Why the cape?” Such an unexpected question, Slick jolted as he slowly turned towards Wilhelmina, her expression veiled yet calm. Curious.

Slick fielded occasional commentary on his cape. He wasn’t an imbecile, and fully understood it was seen as an odd choice. Her tone didn’t seem to indicate ridicule, however. Merely genuine interest. No doubt it was a ploy, much as Greg tried to disarm him with his good neighbor demeanor, but what could she be after? They barely knew each other, and she was little more than a professional blip on his radar. 

“I,” he began before he trailed off, unsure what to say. “It strikes a dashing image. Warms me when cold, but easy to cool down with.” Was loaded with light-bending nano-fabric that helped him disappear, but he didn’t think it wise to reveal that one so brazenly. “It’s classic,” he instead finished. 

Wilhelmina nodded, though her eyes darted along the fabric of the cape before she turned her attention to a customer browsing the nearby sci-fi section. The kid slid a couple books in his bag, ineffectually glancing around to ensure his crime wasn’t observed. 

Slick wondered if he should care more than he did. He supposed nothing was odd about a little five finger discount, even if it was a crass and vulgar way to approach villainy.

A clatter from the children’s department drew the gaze of Slick and the shoplifter, but it was just a fallen Champion Action Hero toy and a large bouncy ball skipping away from the accident. Little sausage legs dashed after the ball, attached to a small child. Those little ones were always causing mischief. With a sigh, the shoplifter zipped and shouldered the backpack and moved off. Slick eyed Wilhelmina, though he wasn’t sure what drew his attention. Her chair rocked until it settled back into a reclined position while her planted foot turned the chair back towards Slick. She held her phone in both hands as she scrolled, oblivious to the theft.  

He tried to return his attention to the strange feeling gnawing at him from last night, but Wilhelmina looked up at him. Appraising him. Like cattle at auction. Wait. He knew nothing about cattle at auction. Why did his mind go to that metaphor? He shook his head, trying to clear his thoughts beneath her scrutiny. It was difficult. He preferred his shadows. The world was out of tune today. 

He nearly asked her what her deal was, but before he could open his mouth the security alarm at the front door went off and Chuck gave a loud shout. Slick and Wilhelmina looked up. As the shoplifter ran down the street in a panic, Chuck in hot pursuit, Wilhelmina watched with bored curiosity as the comical scene unfolded on the main walk outside. Chuck was athletic, while the shoplifter was not. Slick didn’t like the shoplifter’s chances. 

“Chuck’s chasing another one.” Wilhelmina snorted, her phone open to where she paused her Palface scrolling on an image of Fiona, posted 37 minutes ago, with a bright smile and a caption that read, “At the Peterson today!” Slick didn’t *want* to look, per se, but he couldn’t help himself at the sight of Fiona’s pale complexion and fiery locks. 

“Wonder if he started putting security tags on every book in the store now.” Wilhelmina chuckled and resumed her doom scrolling. 

Slick cared little for Wilhelmina at the moment, instead focusing on his brief glimpse of her phone. Fiona had always been interested in art, but Slick hadn’t realized it persisted past high school. Perhaps this provided the perfect opportunity to recon in a public place. Since Chuck had so irresponsibly abandoned the building, Slick left work without informing anyone. His destination? The Peterson Museum of Art and Culture. Wilhelmina gave him a lazy glance and a shake of her head, as a smile teased at the corner of her mouth at some unspoken joke. 

 Moments later, the Preus cruised through Main City at a leisurely just-fast-enough-not-to-get-pulled-over while Slick churned over his approach for the recon mission. Fiona couldn’t see him, of course. That would be an unmitigated disaster. Nerves clawed at him, and he almost turned around and drove home. Yesterday’s plot ended with unexpected disappointment. Was he in a place to attempt another action so soon?

After a deep, centering breath, he drove on. He was Slick the Sly, orchestrator of the Great Thermostat Befuddlement. And who could forget the Great Glarening of ‘19? Greg had been beside himself with the subtle shift to his living room, causing new and confusing glare to ruin his evening! So many capers under his cape. Slick could surely manage a little reconnaissance at a public art museum. 

As Slick approached, the alabaster stone of the Peterson greeted him, particles within shimmering in the afternoon sun. Slick always admired that the architect chose a bold, modern look for the main building rather than a tired, classical facade. Instead, squared pillars and sharp angles lent it a clean profile. The two wings curled forward from the main building, and the whole museum gave slight croissant vibes. Slick happened to like croissants. 

Slick found it a personal affront to pay for parking, so he didn’t. Instead, he scrambled the signal to the parking garage gate and simply drove through when it opened. Disappointingly easy. He parked and stepped out of the car, where he spent a moment in deep consideration. 

Though it weighed heavy on his heart, he removed the cape and folded it nearly on the passenger seat. In a sweater, khakis, and polished loafers, he hoped he looked normal enough to avoid notice. Soon, he’d put that to the test. His hand lingered a moment longer than necessary as he eyed the cape before he closed the door and strolled purposefully towards the Peterson’s entrance. 

With invigorating purpose, Slick paid the admission and entered the vast main hall. Paying to support the arts he could get behind. Supporting bloated, inefficient parking systems? Never. 

He pulled out his phone and attempted a hack on the security system. After a quick minute, he realized it was beefy and would need more attention than he was prepared to give at the moment. Frustrating, but not altogether unexpected. He looked around the hall, eyes skimming over art pieces and instead sensing the flows of data and power, zeroing in on the security cameras. In short order he spied where they congregated and leaned as casually as he could against a nearby wall. 

A twist of his watch face sent a small drone, which he’d named Nano, into the air. With a deft thumb, Slick used his phone to pilot the small guy beneath the door to the security office. A moment later and he was tapped into the camera feeds. It wasn’t ideal, as he could only watch as they cycled, but it would do for now. 

The stream fluttered, static and noise overtaking the visuals for a short enough moment that Slick almost felt he imagined it. His brows furrowed as he investigated the readings Nano sent back. Entranced as he was, he nearly missed the approaching guard, and only just pulled his phone to his chest to hide the camera feeds on it as the guard patrolled past. Once clear, he glanced back at the screen and noted all was well with Nano. 

Scene by scene slid by until his heart fluttered as she came on the screen. Fiona’s bright smile was unmistakable, even on a black and white security monitor. Inviting and warm, it made him feel like he was part of the mirth, as opposed to Wilhelmina’s which suggested the mirth was directed at him. 

He cleared his mind as he noted her location and recalled Nano. The tiny bot settled into its place in his watch as he moved towards the back of the building and out the rear doors. 

Built atop an old silver mine, the main structure of the Peterson rested on a sheer cliff face, extending past it via a grand balcony which hosted seating, dining, and fantastic topiaries. It also facilitated curving stairs that wound down to the old silver mine, now home to manicured garden paths, botanical hedge mazes, and the Silver Gallery, his target. 

Each step down into that basin grew heavier and hit the stone stairs harder. It was easy to feign confidence upstairs, but now that he *knew* that he approached Fiona? Well, he found his mind a scattered mess of imagined worst case scenarios. As he reached the bottom, he tried to examine the Silver Gallery with a critical eye to distract himself. 

This was the highest security building of them all. He noticed better cameras, and felt the thrum of sensors on the doors and windows. Guards patrolled regularly. Housing privately owned pieces on loan to the Peterson, Slick understood the heightened security. A lesser thief might be tempted by the market value of some of this artwork. 

After a deep breath, Slick entered the main door, doing his best to keep to the side and look casual. His eyes darted around, taking in the exhibit rooms. They felt tighter than the broad, grand galleries up above. More intimate in a way that made Slick claustrophobic. Trapped. He needed insight into Fiona’s activities here, however, or else his next plot would not flower. He needed inspiration, and she provided plenty. 

So he continued, past great works of paint and sculpture until he climbed to the second floor of the Silver Gallery. It was packed, clearly some event had drawn crowds. He paid it little mind, and instead ducked behind a sculpture of the goddess Jerwhinness. Fiona stood in the center of the mess, chatting away with Daedra Swan, the main field reporter for Channel 7 News, one of the prominent networks in the city. Slick didn’t know Fiona was friends with her. 

Heart pounding, he slid from his hiding spot and shifted up through the crowd, his eyes in constant motion, taking in camera positions, sensors, all the things one commonly did in new, high pressure settings. While Slick didn’t love crowds, he did appreciate how well he hid within them. As he neared, he tried to get a good view of Fiona, but some imbecile with a massive camera blocked his line of sight. Cell phones were more than capable of handling a visit to the museum. Some people. 

He shifted around the fool and closer to Fiona, hiding behind a group of gawking tourists. She stood in front of a new exhibit featuring Mack Pallek, still engaged in conversation with Daedra. Many people fawned over Pallek’s artwork, as evidenced by the large crowd, but Slick saw little more than colorful paint dribbles on a canvas. He did recognize the central piece, however, which Fiona stood in front of. In high school, she’d been on yearbook committee and featured that particular artwork in their senior year’s edition. 

In a teal skirt blazer combo, Slick felt Fiona looked quite fetching, if a tad overdressed for a day at the museum. Still, she beamed as she spoke, bits and pieces of the conversation finding Slick’s ear as he tried to keep himself incognito. “My family’s always loved Pallek,” she was saying, “and we’re thrilled the world gets to see this piece especially. It’s always been my favorite.” Her gaze drifted towards him, and his heart raced as he thought she’d seen him. As he retreated further into the crowd, he missed what she said next amongst the noise of the crowd, but the situation finally clicked into place for him. 

Of course she took the day off to come see her favorite artist and his favorite piece. She was an artful soul, and such things appealed to her. Made her happy. Why, if she could see this artwork every day…

Slick smiled as he pushed back through the crowd towards the exit, taking a few more mental notes of security and layout in the Silver as he went. He knew what his next caper would be, and this one was sure to win Fiona’s affection. Soon, he’d have a new badge to add to his villainous career; Slick the Sly, Master Art Thief. 


